'A bit of a shame' because, even though the public finance situation in the Member States is complicated, we should have done everything in our power to reinvest the revenue collected for the benefit of, for example, trans-European transport network (TEN-T) priority projects.
'Believes that both business-to-business and business-to-consumer contracts should be covered; emphasises that the [optional instrument] must offer a very high level of consumer protection, in order to compensate consumers for the protection that they would normally enjoy under their national law; wishes for further explanation on how this could be achieved'.
'Calls on the Commission, with a view to ensuring the consistency of EU policies, in particular, those concerning overseas countries and territories (OCTs), to make sure that the interests of OCTs in relation to their strategic products are protected in the future agreement between the EU and Canada'.
'Calls on the Vice-President of the Commission/High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy, the Council and the Commission to support further efforts to strengthen the process of accountability in Sri Lanka and to support the UN report, in particular the immediate establishment of an international justice mechanism'.
'Finally' because, after very lengthy negotiations, we have reached a compromise and the 'polluter pays' principle is now genuinely beginning to take shape in this dossier.
'GDP and beyond - Measuring progress in a changing world' is a report that aims to assess levels of progress in the European Union through gross domestic product, which has taken on the role of a comprehensive indicator for societal and economic development.
'I am pleased to inform you that today we have the honour of welcoming Bogdan Borusewicz, Speaker of the Polish Senate, Irena Degutienė, Speaker of the Seimas of the Republic of Lithuania and Volodimir Litvin, Speaker of the Verkovna Rada of Ukraine.
'Member States will prepare, ahead of the publication of the results, specific and ambitious strategies for the restructuring of vulnerable institutions, including private sector solutions ... but also a solid framework in line with State aid rules for the provision of government support in case of need.'
'Supports action to address the range of barriers faced by those who wish to enter into cross-border transactions in the Internal Market and considers that, along with other measures, the European contract law project could be useful for realising the full potential of the Internal Market';
'Territorial cooperation' has become one of the three pillars of EU cohesion policy, succeeding the Community initiative INTERREG.
'Territorial cooperation' is one of the pillars of the EU's cohesion policy, which aims to remove the physical, administrative and regulatory obstacles and reduce the 'border effect' between territories and regions, with a view to promoting a harmonious development that enables them to address their shared challenges together.
'That the spirit of revolutionary change which has long been disturbing the nations of the world should have passed beyond the sphere of politics and made its influence felt in the related sphere of practical economics is not surprising'. These are the words of the beloved Pope John Paul II who, in his encyclical entitled Centesimus Annus, reprised the subjects tackled by his predecessor Leo XIII in the encyclical Rerum Novarum.
'The Commission recalls its commitment towards ensuring that Member States establish correlation tables linking the transposition measures they adopt to the EU directive and that they communicate them to the Commission in the framework of transposing EU legislation in the interests of citizens, better law making and increasing legal transparency, and to assist in the examination of the conformity of national rules with EU provisions.
'The Commission recalls its commitment towards ensuring that Member States establish correlation tables linking the transposition measures they adopt with the EU directive and communicate them to the Commission in the framework of transposing EU legislation, in the interest of citizens, better-law making and increasing legal transparency and to assist the examination of the conformity of national rules with EU provisions.
'The Commission regrets the lack of support for the provision included in the proposal for a Directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on consumer rights, amending Council Directive 93/13/EEC and Directive 1999/44/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council and repealing Council Directive 85/577/EEC and Directive 97/7/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council, which aimed at rendering the establishment of correlation tables obligatory.
'The Commission, in a spirit of compromise and in order to ensure the immediate adoption of that proposal, can accept the substitution of the obligatory provision on correlation tables included in the text with a relevant recital encouraging Member States to follow this practice.
'The Council considers that transparency should guide relations with interest representatives and that the Register provides a useful basis on which to build and interact with them in an open, inclusive and consistent fashion.
'The Council therefore welcomes and supports the initiative undertaken by the European Parliament and the Commission to establish a joint "Transparency Register”.
'The bans [on] food from cloned animals and [...] food from offspring of clones could be justified on the basis of the consumers' ethical considerations'.
'We never pay any-one Dane-geld,
'appeals to the Council to provide immediate humanitarian support to Misrata and other population centres, specifically by naval means; is profoundly concerned about the increasing number of victims of the conflict in Libya and the Gaddafi regime's reported use of cluster munitions and other arms against the civilian population'.
(For the results and other details on the vote: see Minutes)
(Microphone off until near end of first sentence) ... Liberal Democrat.
(Speaking to Mr Helmer, who had expressed his disagreement) You may laugh, but you are wrong.
(The President interrupted the speaker to explain that the debate was on another subject, but then invited him to continue ...)
(The sitting was closed at 16:40)
(The sitting was suspended at 20.20 and resumed at 21.00)
(The speaker agreed to take a blue-card question under Rule 149 (8))
(The speaker agreed to take two blue-card questions from Mr Koumoutsakos and Mr Ransdorf under Rule 149(8))
(The speaker broke off, hoping to continue his speech later)
- The next item is the joint debate on the following reports:
... and point out that, pursuant to Rule 3(2), until such time as his credentials have been verified or a ruling has been given on any dispute, and provided that he has previously signed the declaration that he does not hold any office incompatible with that of Member of the European Parliament, Mr Dimitrios Droutsas shall take his seat in Parliament and on its bodies and shall enjoy all the rights attaching thereto.
... to support civil society, to support the interim transitional national council and Mr Jibril (we have had many meetings with him); to support security sector reform; to build on what the people told us that they wanted.
15 June promises to be an important day of struggle across Europe. A general strike will take place in Greece and a major demonstration is planned in Barcelona.
2009 discharge: EU general budget - Court of Auditors (
2009 discharge: EU general budget, Section III - Commission (
2009 discharge: European Agency for the Management of Operational Cooperation at the External Borders (FRONTEX) (
2009 discharge: European Chemicals Agency (
2009 discharge: European Joint Undertaking for ITER and the Development of Fusion Energy (
2009 discharge: European Network and Information Security Agency (
2009 discharge: Joint Undertaking (Joint Technology Initiative on Innovative Medicines) (
2011 is a strategic moment to draw lessons from the four years of operation of Regulation (EC) No 1905/2006 establishing a financing instrument for development cooperation (DCI). The Commission has announced that it will present its proposals for the Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF) for the post-2013 period before the summer recess and the legislative proposals for the financing instruments for external action later this year.
5th cohesion report and strategy for the post-2013 cohesion policy - Implementation of cohesion policy programmes for 2007-2013 - European urban agenda and its future in cohesion policy - Objective 3: future agenda for cross-border, transnational and interregional cooperation - Increased effectiveness between ERDF and other structural funds (continuation of debate) 
5th cohesion report and strategy for the post-2013 cohesion policy - Implementation of cohesion policy programmes for 2007-2013 - European urban agenda and its future in cohesion policy - Objective 3: future agenda for cross-border, transnational and interregional cooperation - Increased effectiveness between ERDF and other structural funds (debate) 
66th Session of the United Nations General Assembly (
A Europe that belongs to its citizens can only work as a Europe of homelands, subsidiarity and national sovereignty.
A European asylum system based on the central principles of humanitarianism and muddling through is to be firmly rejected.
A better relationship is essential between the academic, research and industrial worlds to enable research results to be converted more effectively into products and services, generating economic growth and benefits for society as a whole.
A broad-brush approach will not work in this case because it is clear that the problem lies with certain Member States.
A business may say that it is socially responsible when it commits to a robust structure that is capable of taking account not only of economic outcomes, but also of the social and environmental results of its actions.
A characteristic feature of this debate is not only the fact that ever more people are criticising the budget, but also that the results are quite obviously better, for example in respect of cohesion policy, where clear improvements have been made, albeit improvements which have gone unnoticed by the critics of the European budget. I would also like to draw attention to the fact that these positive results must now also be integrated into our considerations regarding future action, or in other words the type of action that must be continued and the regulations that must be introduced, in particular with regard to the recovery of funds.
A concluding remark on Croatia. I think that it is time and it is appropriate to congratulate Croatia, because it is approaching a historical moment and I believe that this should give a very positive signal, not only for all Croatians, but for all the peoples of the western Balkans.
A coordinated approach within a general European Union legal framework is essential to prevent problems and future financial crises and to allow the banks to operate in a more orderly fashion and under the same conditions throughout Europe. I am of the opinion that, in order to ensure transparency, regulators should be continually developing standard rules and procedures.
A dialogue on visas is another measure that would have a clear stabilising influence that would also promote reforms.
A few short weeks after the natural and nuclear catastrophe in Japan, the European right has had the cranky notion of threatening the Japanese Government.
A final thought, Mr President: populism is being mentioned, because populism is not combated by imitating its half-hearted solutions but, quite the contrary, by confronting it with solutions for the future and not the past.
A foreign policy like the one that the Union is proposing to develop cannot neglect the cultural dimension, but rather must keep it in mind as an asset; as a value that is not always tangible but is particularly important in a world increasingly susceptible to the 'soft power' of states and international organisations.
A free trade agreement (FTA) between the European Union and India could be a successful conclusion to the process of commercial interaction which has been deepening in recent times. I hope that, as well as sharing values, the EU and India will continue trying to understand each other better and benefiting from this deeper understanding, as well as from any profits that may result from this contact.
A fundamental requirement for fair competition on the internal market is the establishment of fair and transparent conditions for all farmers throughout the EU. The report on the future of the common agricultural policy (CAP) is heading in this direction.
A group of experts funded by the European Commission recommended an international study should be conducted, which would investigate all the effects that the Chernobyl disaster has had on human health.
A joint statement by the European Parliament and the Council. 'The European Parliament and the Council are mindful of the importance of providing accurate information to consumers, in particular, when products are marketed with an indication of origin so as to protect them against fraudulent, inaccurate or misleading claims.
A lot has already been said about the successes.
A major transformation of the world order is taking place, challenging the European Union to engage more actively with current and emerging world powers and with other bilateral and multilateral partners, in order to promote effective solutions to problems which affect both EU citizens and the world at large.
A more balanced approach has allowed us to have a joint motion for a resolution today which will be constructive and targeted at the opportunities for closer cooperation between Ukraine and the European Union, while judicial reform is carried out in the country and the anti-corruption measures implemented.
A necessary component of effective enforcement is that the courts may, as an interim measure, act swiftly to order disclosure and freezing of the debtor's assets.
A new Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF) for a competitive, sustainable and inclusive Europe (continuation of debate) 
A new protocol for the period 2011-2014 will be applied on a provisional basis, and I believe this to be sufficient at the present time.
A number of old stagers amongst us know that we have already been fighting hard for this since 2006, when Mrs Wortmann-Kool led the previous review.
A number of votes and declarations have proven that there is consensus within the EU on various aspects of this fund.
A positive vote tomorrow will allow the joint launching of the register by our two institutions to take place in June.
A profound change in current trade policy is urgently needed, steering international trade towards complementarity and not competition, towards the establishment of fair and equitable economic relationships that are mutually advantageous, and which serve the development of countries and their peoples, and not just a few companies and financial institutions.
A properly functioning procurement market is of crucial importance to promoting the Single Market, to stimulating innovation, to promoting a high level of environmental and climate protection, and of social inclusion across the EU, and to achieving the highest possible value for public authorities, citizens and taxpayers.
A properly functioning procurement market is of essential importance in order to foster the Single Market, to stimulate innovation, to boost employment, growth and competitiveness, to promote higher levels of environmental and climate protection and protect social rights throughout the EU, and to achieve optimal value for public authorities, citizens and taxpayers.
A recent study highlights that in the United States, almost half of the samples of meat tested in stores contained Staphylococcus aureus, half of which were resistant to at least three classes of antibiotics.
A reformed CAP with a greener first pillar, introducing non-contractual and annual environmental actions that go beyond cross-compliance, and a second pillar more focused on climate action, supported by a professional farm advisory service, could be tailored towards helping farmers to manage their land-use systems so as to contribute to climate action (mitigation), and also become less vulnerable to climate change (adaptation). That is definitely what we intend to achieve through the next CAP.
A responsible and flexible attitude is required of both the Council and Parliament, and I firmly believe that in today's situation, the agreement would send a remarkably positive message to the markets as well.
A scientifically sound approach to the shortage of resources and to the ecosystem is crucial to the sustainable economic development of the European Union.
A second issue that is different and that we have difficulty in accepting concerns spectrum for broadband satellite access; the Commission wants to be able to actually ensure its availability.
A simple comparison with a few other countries makes it clear that we could be better. I would just like to refer once again to the example of the United States.
A sort of automatic mechanism was used to show that if energy efficiency was added to the 20% reduction in CO2 emissions then 25% would automatically be possible.
A special thanks to this House for producing such an excellent report - the Járóka report - and the decision, which was an excellent base for our work in the Council.
A study of the possibility of banning the use of antimicrobials in animal feed is therefore urgently needed, as is promotion of measures to reduce resistance to antibiotics, thereby ensuring better animal health and increased food safety.
A sufficiently long transition is needed to make the open-ended duality in EU investment policy unacceptable for Parliament, as the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union states that investment policy is fully within the competence of the European Union.
A swift and effective response by you, Commissioner, on this point would send a signal that would also help strengthen what we know are historically fragile links between the Commission and the profession.
A total of EUR 427 billion in outstanding demands have now accumulated between the central banks in the accounts of the European Central Bank system and the TARGET2 payment transaction system; this is because the system has intervened between the central banks in place of the non-functioning markets.
A transparent process must be used for informing the general public.
A very large number of companies in the EU carry out their business activities within the Internal Market, while European citizens enjoy the right to settle, work or travel freely throughout the EU. As we also pointed out when we discussed the Single Market Act intended to deepen the Internal Market and promote cross-border transactions, including e-commerce, we need guarantees to be able to recover any cross-border debts. I fully support the notion in this report of asking the Commission to propose more effective instruments for implementing the legislation, to supplement those which already exist for dealing with cross-border claims, such as the Brussels I Regulation or the Small Claims Procedure.
A very wide majority of the European Parliament approved Mrs Matera's report calling for the mobilisation of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund to the tune of EUR 9.5 million for the closing of the General Motors (GM) - Opel plant in Antwerp (Belgium). I voted against this report because it finances the laying-off of 2 834 employees of a company that received a USD 5 billion loan from the US authorities during the summer of 2010.
A week ago, the UN General Assembly authorised the EU to speak with one voice at its meetings.
AMR in humans is often caused by inadequate doses of antibiotic medicines, whose transmission of pathogenic bacteria constitutes a particular threat to farmers and farm workers, who are in daily contact with animals.
Above all, EU policy should be measured by the progress made in improving the well-being of Europeans.
Above all, I welcome the fact that, when applying the regulation on government debt, the Commission will have to take into account 'all other relevant factors', in particular private debt, and other important factors allowing for an overall assessment to be made. I hope that Parliament will reach a final agreement and approve the entire governance package as quickly as possible, in order to send a strong and unified message to the public and the markets and to stop speculation.
Above all, any new system for financing the budget should not increase the burden on national treasuries or the tax burden for citizens.
Above all, in the countries with the greatest financial difficulties, it should commit to investment in public services, to supporting production, to creating jobs with rights, to eradicating poverty, and to combating social inequality and all types of discrimination, not least gender.
Above all, the European Union must refrain from taking sides in the conflict.
Above all, the proposed candidate has political experience, and also auditing and financial experience, although the latter is perhaps not as strong as might be hoped. I am voting in favour of this candidate, but I believe that more thought needs to be given to the type of qualifications that Members of the Court of Auditors ought to have.
Above all, these aspects must be laid down in such a way that there are consequences if they are not complied with. I do not at all mean this to sound schoolmasterish towards our Indian friends.
Above all, this regulation should provide for requirements to indicate non-textile parts of animal origin when labelling or marking textile products, so that consumers can make a choice on the basis of the information in their possession.
Above all, this would remove obstacles often faced by consumers and small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in the Single Market relating to the complexity of contractual relations.
Above all, we are concerned that we are going to repeal regulations that are useful for customs control without there being any progress at the moment on the 'Made in' origin marking regulation, which is currently at a standstill in the Commission because of the Council's obstructionism. I would also like to point out that the Council has vetoed origin markings in relation to the ad hoc textile measure and is trying to do the same as regards the mandatory indication of place of origin on food labels.
Absolutely right. I was not suggesting my politicians were any less stupid than anybody else.
Accelerated growth in Central Europe also makes a significant contribution to growth throughout Europe and improves investment conditions, yielding profits not only in Warsaw and Prague, but also in Amsterdam, London and Berlin.
Access to Early Years Learning is of vital importance to young children in terms of their receptiveness and willingness to learn, especially since important skills such as the ability to speak and develop social skills are formed at a young age.
Access to financial support must be improved for new innovative businesses in the form of start-up funds.
Access to professional education should respond to the particular needs of individuals, and thus make it easier for them to find a job.
Access to the radio spectrum is essential to ensure that all European citizens, whether in rural or urban areas, have access to digital technologies and broadband, with the total turnover of this industry representing approximately EUR 200 billion.
Accession to the Schengen acquis involves the need to comply with various evaluation procedures: candidate countries have to comply with a range of conditions in order to be admitted to the area of freedom of movement, which currently covers 25 countries and 400 million Europeans.
According to 'Save the Children', the Indian non-governmental organisation, an estimated 60 million children still work today in fields, restaurants or factories in India. I deplore the fact that the conservative majority in the European Parliament has refused to face up to this state of affairs by rejecting an amendment which highlighted the European Parliament's concerns over the use of children for work, children who are frequently exploited in dangerous and unhealthy conditions.
According to Article 21 of the Treaty on European Union, the EU is formally committed to effective multilateralism, which has a powerful UN organisation as its focal point, making a vital contribution to tackling the global challenges.
According to Article 4(2) of the Act of Accession, 'the verification, through evaluation procedures, that the necessary conditions for the application of all parts of the Schengen acquis (data protection, the SIS, air borders, land borders, sea borders, police cooperation and visas) have been met by the new Member States is a precondition for the Council to decide on the abolition of checks at internal borders with those Member States'. According to the evaluation reports compiled by experts, both Romania and Bulgaria have shown that they are prepared to apply the provisions of the Schengen acquis in a satisfactory manner.
According to Cedefop's current Europe-wide skill supply and demand forecast, the number of new jobs up to 2020 is estimated at 80 million.
According to Cedefop, we can expect a 12 million decline in jobs available for low skilled or unskilled labour, which presages an increasing risk of poverty for the most vulnerable.
According to EU statistical data published last month, Lithuania is still trying to catch up - in Lithuania, 51.5% of CAP payments are going towards rural development, whereas in the EU27 the corresponding figure is 23.3%. We must continue to support our farmers' efforts to modernise their farms.
According to EU statistics, there are only two EU Member States where youth unemployment rates are higher than in Lithuania.
According to UN data, areas within a radius of 500 km from the power plant were contaminated.
According to current estimates, global navigation satellite systems are expected to earn the European economy between EUR 55 and 63 billion over the next 20 years.
According to data from a European Commission survey, only 10% of Europeans feel they are well informed about science, while 65% feel that governments should make more efforts to interest young people in scientific matters.
According to data from the World Bank, Lithuania has great potential to become a dynamic, knowledge-based economy.
According to data given in the 2009 report by the EMCDDA, it was shown that the situation has deteriorated, especially in relation to drugs such as cocaine and heroin, and to new synthetic drugs, and it has seen persistently high levels of consumption and a spiralling upward trend in this regard.
According to forecasts, economic problems will not change the fact that employment levels are rising in the EU, and should not give rise to a reduction in funding for the EU's key programmes in the field of vocational education and training, such as the 'Lifelong Learning' programme, for example.
According to future estimates relating to employability and required diplomas, there are allegedly 15.6 million new jobs within the EU for graduates and 3.7 million for those with a secondary education qualification (source: Cedefop). On the other hand, 12 million jobs are going to be cut for those with a lower level of qualification!
According to official statistics, the Russian economy is growing at a rate of 4%, despite the economic climate, and this is forecast to continue for a long time.
According to recent figures, 14.4% of young Europeans aged between 18 and 24 years dropped out of school before completing their secondary education, and less than one third of the European Union's population have a higher education qualification, compared with around 40% in the United States and 50% in Japan.
According to reports, Saleh was tortured after arrest and then taken to an unknown location in Khartoum, a personal tragedy that requires Europe to get involved.
According to statistics compiled by the Centre, 75 million Europeans have already tried cannabis and 14 million Europeans have already tried cocaine at least once.
According to the Act of Accession, verification, by means of evaluation procedures, that the necessary conditions for the application of all parts of the Schengen acquis (data protection, the SIS, air borders, land borders, sea borders, police cooperation and visas) have been met by the new Member States is a precondition for the Council to decide on the abolition of checks at internal borders with those Member States. I did not endorse this document because taking into account the results of the evaluations and the necessary revisits carried out by teams of experts, the committee responsible has concluded that there are some outstanding issues that will require regular reporting and a follow-up at some point in the future.
According to the Consultative Working Party, the proposal in question is a straightforward codification of existing texts, without any change in their substance.
According to the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control, there are 400 000 patients in Europe infected with multi-resistant strains of bacteria. I therefore welcome the resolution of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, in which I support, above all, the demand for the proper collection and analysis of comparable data on the sale of preparations for veterinary use, and the subsequent use of these preparations on animals.
According to the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction (EMCDDA), no general population survey on illicit drug use has been carried out in Croatia.
According to the Treaty of Lisbon, this falls within the competence of the EU. How should we handle this situation?
According to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, the common commercial policy must be conducted 'in the context of the principles and objectives of the Union's external action' and must contribute 'inter alia, to sustainable development, the eradication of poverty and the protection of human rights'. As such, it is very important that the following not be forgotten in these negotiations: the use of child labour, and the failure to comply with international social and environmental standards, which constitutes a form of dumping, detrimental to European companies and workers.
According to the Treaty, taking into consideration objectives concerned with promoting a high level of employment, guaranteeing adequate social welfare and combating social exclusion is a cross-cutting aim that applies to this economic governance package also.
According to the World Bank's report, implementation of the European climate and energy package will mean a loss to the Polish economy of 1.4% of GDP annually until 2020, and a loss to the EU as a whole of 0.55%. The World Bank also estimates that electricity prices will rise by around 26.2% in Poland, and by 12.6% in the EU as a whole.
According to the account in the newspaper Le Monde, VAT fraud alone costs many billions of euro a year.
According to the conclusions of the 2009 European Innovation Panel, the recent economic and financial crisis has had disproportionate effects in different countries.
According to the evaluation reports, Romania has shown that it is sufficiently prepared to apply both the non-SIS related provisions of the Schengen acquis, as well as its SIS-related provisions, in a satisfactory manner.
According to the formal requirements, Bulgaria and Romania are ready for membership of the Schengen area and the European Council must decide in favour of this as soon as possible. I am counting on Mr Coelho's report being approved by a large majority to give a clear political signal to Member States.
According to the human rights documents currently in force in Europe, children are fully and actively engaged citizens with their own rights.
According to the joint report by experts from the EU and Canada, the conclusion of a Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement is intended to provide tangible economic benefits, which will result from trade liberalisation and the elimination of tariff barriers.
According to the latest information, this outbreak is responsible for 21 deaths in Germany and 1 in Sweden.
According to the new draft, registration is not obligatory, but currently, only the representatives of registered interest groups are allowed access to the premises of the European Parliament.
According to the new report by the UN, it is very likely that the Tamil Tigers and government troops will be found guilty of serious violations of international humanitarian and human rights committed in the final stages of the conflict.
According to the position of the UDMR (Democratic Union of Hungarians in Romania), Romania and Bulgaria must receive a definite prospect in 2011 of joining this area of free movement. I do not think that the rules should be changed during the game, and the decision on joining the Schengen area must take into account what has been achieved under the Schengen Agreement and not be based on political assessments.
According to the rapporteur Mr Coelho, all the shortcomings which were identified in the past have been successfully rectified by the Romanian authorities.
According to the rapporteur and shadow rapporteurs who have been monitoring this process, the outstanding issues, which will require regular reports and monitoring in the future, do not constitute an obstacle to these two Member States' full accession to the Schengen area.
According to the rapporteur, all parties, be it in business-to-business (B2B) or business-to-consumer (B2C) transactions, should be free to choose or not to choose the optional instrument (OI) as an alternative to national or international law (opt-in). Further attention is required to ensure that the OI offers protection to consumers and small businesses given their position as the weaker commercial partner and that any confusion is avoided when making a choice of law. I abstained from voting because the EU recently adopted the Rome I Regulation, which regulates this area and defends consumer rights well, whereas this proposal is purely based on the UK situation and would only cause turbulence and increased bureaucracy.
According to the rapporteur, everything, or almost everything, boils down to tired arguments about creating an effective and adequate governance system in terms of risk management, enforcement of rules, ethics in the behaviour of some of those involved in the financial markets and institutions, and so on.
According to the rapporteur, the Agreement could also increase safety, as regulators and enforcement authorities are moving closer to cooperation in all matters of certification, inspections and enforcement, in order to ensure the highest level of safety for passengers and cargo flights.
According to the report, everything should remain as it is: more money has been requested for the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development, no reforms of the Structural Funds have been proposed, nowhere are there any concrete proposals for more efficiency.
According to the report, he was acting in performance of his duties as Member of the European Parliament and carrying out political activities by expressing his opinion on a matter of public interest to his constituents.
According to the target set in 2002, EU Member States must offer early years education to 90% of children between the age of three and the compulsory school age.
According to this evaluation, and in line with the trends of recent years, there has been a reduction in the reference tonnage.
Accordingly we must also investigate other risks, such as plane crashes, terrorist attacks, computer attacks, in other words this combination of attacks on nuclear power plants; what is more, you must guarantee that this does not become simply a token gesture.
Accordingly, I should like to thank the rapporteur for his fairness in our cooperation.
Accordingly, the new CAP must strengthen its commitment to active farmers, and to the contributions that they make in terms of production and a balanced development of rural areas.
Accordingly, up-and-coming enterprises in the small and medium-sized business sector must be strongly incentivised.
Accordingly, we must assess expected conditions and specific circumstances and determine what we have to do to make sure that Europe exists and does not end up as a loser.
Account is taken of specific challenges such as: the demand for ever-increasing qualifications by the labour market, which puts low-skilled jobs at risk, the spiralling increase in youth unemployment, which is over 30% in certain EU Member States, including Greece, and the failure on the part of the Member States to take adequate measures to achieve the targets set in the EU 2020 strategy (for example, to reduce the percentage of early school leavers to 10% and to increase the percentage of young people with a university education to 40%). Alongside social protection for citizens with fewer skills or a low level of education, we urgently need investment in new skills, especially those required for jobs in strategic sectors as far as growth is concerned.
Account needs to be taken of the fact that Croatia will accede to the European Union in 2012 or 2013 and that, as a result of its geographical location, it represents a good trans-shipment point for drug dealers.
Accurate and adequate statistical data on energy and resource consumption are fundamental if we want to get indicators for progress and well-being beyond the GDP.
Achievement of this goal is closely linked to how predictable development aid is, since it is only on the basis of such aid, at the same time as mobilising domestic revenues, that partner countries can construct an adequate and effective development strategy.
Achieving and sustaining quality of life involves important factors such as health, education, culture, employment, housing and environmental conditions. I support the establishment of a solid legal framework for European environmental economic accounts and encourage the need to compile reliable, harmonised statistics.
Achieving social, economic and territorial cohesion is one of the important objectives of the European project.
Acknowledgement from the European Union's missions assessing the smooth operation and connection Romania and Bulgaria have to the Schengen Information System, which operates at the highest security standards, presents a strong argument in this respect.
Action needs to be taken immediately, especially where the level of youth unemployment is concerned.
Active SFM should be clearly mainstreamed and prioritised in research and practice, and should also take into account public ownership of 40% of EU forests.
Actually it is not uselessly.
Adapting to the times means taking into consideration all the important variables, without falling into the trap of creating an excessively artificial system, which would be difficult to apply. I believe that, with clearly defined indicators, the work can be carried out in the best possible way.
Added to all this, in the southern part of Sudan, there are large reserves of the oil that is fundamental to big international capital.
Added to this technological development time lag are the effects of the economic crisis, which has hit this industrial sector hard, causing a 20-25% fall in its turnover compared with 2008.
Added to which, despite the progress made in recent years, the participation of small and medium-sized enterprises in the Framework Programme should be stepped up in order to develop the skills that would allow them to boost their competitiveness.
Adding a green component to the first pillar in conjunction with a stronger rural development policy is another key objective that will help to tackle climate change and environmental issues, but will also contribute to achieving the Europe 2020 strategy.
Adding further requirements would create a precedent of discrimination which has not existed before, not even after the great enlargement in 2007.
Additional checks will no doubt have to be envisaged before the conclusions of a national or regional health agency can be taken as read.
Additional mechanisms should be put in place to ensure they are provided with the same opportunities as anyone else.
Additionally, as a simultaneous by-product, and without incurring additional costs, we can obtain highly accurate geometrical databases that can be used to monitor and manage the artefact in the event of natural disasters, as well as products for scientific education and for promoting the artefact on a global scale, fulfilling criteria for cultural understanding and exchange
Additionally, its greatest beneficiaries are applicants from the so-called old EU Member States: Germany (23.1% of all those awarded funding), Spain (19.1%), the United Kingdom (9.9%) and the Netherlands (8.3%). Today, around one third of research is funded under the facility.
Addressing educational disadvantage by providing high quality early childhood education and targeted support, and by promoting inclusive education, are absolutely necessary to create a truly inclusive society.
Adjournment of the session
Adjustment to climate change could thus become an instrument for growth, generating hundreds of thousands of jobs as well as exports of advanced technology.
Admittedly, this text is far less ambitious than the initial proposal, but it will enable us for the first time to implement the 'polluter pays' principle and to internalise external transport costs such as noise and CO2 emissions.
Admittedly, we must strengthen the Growth and Stability Pact and deficits must be more closely monitored, and even penalised.
Adopting the resolution on the free trade agreement between the EU and India will help us take a step forward to fulfilling the Millennium Development Goals.
Adopting this ILO convention on domestic workers will be an essential element in ensuring that domestic workers' human, social and employment rights are respected.
Adoption of the economic governance package proves yet again that the European project is still alive and that it is on the basis of conciliation among the 27 that the Member States will overcome their difficulties and, at the same time, confront the challenges of the future.
Affordability is a concern, for example, for cultural organisations without a great deal of money which do not always have the funding to buy new equipment.
After 19 months of institutional crisis in the country, precisely on the day on which nearly 8 million Malagasy people were called on to vote on reforming the constitution, in November 2010, all hope of fashioning a genuine democracy in this former European colony was lost.
After 20 years, even Mr Medvedev had to admit that one cannot ignore the terrible and criminal heritage of Russian power. I recall the words of our colleague, Mr Swoboda, who yesterday asked for a full clearing up of Russian history, especially the atrocities of the Stalin era.
After Bulgaria and Romania have made great efforts and coped admirably with the Schengen technical criteria, delaying both countries' admission would run counter to the rules stipulated in the European Union.
After all this, it is high time the left wing stops its provocative political campaign based on misrepresentations against the Hungarian Government.
After all, a lot of medium-sized enterprises use vehicles in the 3.5 to 12 tonne range.
After all, even a state with 82 million people, such as the one I represent, will not survive intercontinental competition in the long term.
After all, it is in the interests of the Member States which are lagging behind EU research excellence to take advantage of resources from the European Structural Funds to strengthen their scientific and research sectors.
After all, it is the task of the Council and Parliament as the two colegislators to find a solution which satisfies the needs and expectations of European citizens through joint efforts.
After all, statistics can be sexy, particularly at a time when the European Union has a huge credibility problem where European citizens are concerned. I would say that that is largely unjustified if we look at the major issues and not at the other matters on which Mr Leinen and I are divided.
After all, that could only result in this right being restricted. I fail to see why I, as a Member of the European Parliament, would do that.
After all, the facilitation of trade in the area of textiles, leather and ethanol that you now want to offer to Pakistan would undermine the GSP+ (Generalised System of Preferences+) status that countries like Bangladesh have attained, and indeed, in contrast to Pakistan, they have attained it through ratification of important UN and ILO conventions for the rights of workers and environmental protection.
After all, their primary role is to produce food.
After all, this is a country which, like all EU countries, enjoys membership of the Council of Europe and is part of our eastern EU partnership.
After all, this is money that the Member States receive back and would very much like to have. I therefore also think that it is necessary for us to have this possibility of a 5% rise, so that there is the opportunity for new policy areas and for meeting new demands, as well as for investing in transport, energy and research - areas that the EU must invest in in future.
After all, we need facts in order to be able to take politically sound decisions.
After all, we recall that, in all the discussions held by the Troikas travelling to the various Member States that we are trying to help, ultimately, it is the IMF - and it almost pains me to say this after everything that we Greens said about the IMF in the 1980s and 1990s - that is the most reasonable today, while the Commission and the Central Bank are the ones setting the toughest conditions.
After all, when you were the leader of the UK House of Lords, and you pushed through the Lisbon Treaty, which created your GBP 313 000-a-year job, you actually said, over and over again, that this was just a tidying-up exercise and not a significant transfer of sovereignty.
After all, with every day that we fail to provide aid, we as Europeans are losing the trust of Pakistan in particular and we will ultimately pay a high political price for this.
After analysing the input that we have received on this topic from all the stakeholders, and following the public consultation with the stakeholders, we are about to put forward recommendations on how we should strengthen and support cultural and creative industries in order to develop and produce the results that we expect them to.
After around a year's work, the special committee on policy challenges and budgetary resources has finally presented the future decisions determining priorities in expenditure for the efficient and effective use of European Union appropriations leading to the implementation of result-oriented policies.
After careful assessment of the Agency's budget, the Court of Auditors, which is responsible for external financial control, declared that it has obtained reasonable assurances as to the legality and reliability of the pertinent transactions. I believe, however, that the request made to the Agency to make efforts to improve its budgetary and recruitment planning is absolutely fair.
After considering the reasons for and against defending the Member's parliamentary immunity, I agree with the recommendation of the Committee on Legal Affairs that Parliament should not defend the immunity of Bruno Gollnisch.
After consultations with consumer associations, European Blind Union representatives and the vending machines industry, research was carried out to take into account the specific requirements of important categories of coin users.
After consulting consumer-rights organisations and representatives from the business world, I understand that we must insist on yet greater harmonisation of consumer rights across the European Union.
After five years, we will know whether it is working and then this credit rating foundation will also have to pay back the funds that it has received.
After listening attentively to the Members, we are pleased to say that there is indeed complete agreement on the principles.
After many years of pushing and cajoling, we finally seem to be taking this step towards sustainable national accounts and that is highly necessary as - let us be entirely honest - the economic system that we have at the moment is simply not working.
After more than three years of talks on the free trade agreement, the EU and India are at a crucial stage, completing negotiations on the most important sectors.
After several reports and thorough discussions, the Parliament launched its register for interest representatives in 1996.
After six years of negotiations, the time has come for recognition to be given to Croatia's efforts in meeting the accession criteria. I hope that in 2013 we can welcome Croatia as the 28th Member State.
After the Treaty of Lisbon entered into force on 1 December 2009, there was an extension of the conditions under which the consent of Parliament was required for signing international agreements.
After the accident, we contributed to joint research projects with the Commonwealth of Independent States in supporting the gathering of extensive data and the designing of strategies for disaster management in the nuclear sector and in the relevant areas in Belarus, Russia and Ukraine.
After the adoption of a general approach by the Council in March, we got down to business immediately, engaging in intense trialogue negotiations with Parliament and the Commission.
After the end of the war, the Sri Lankan President, Mahinda Rajapaksa, promised to investigate all suspected violations of military law and international humanitarian law during the military conflict.
After the excellent hearing held at the parliamentary Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, I hereby put forward with conviction my vote in favour of the nomination of Mario Draghi to the European Central Bank (ECB). My vote is confirmation that, in this time of difficulty and crisis, the person most suited and qualified to direct the ECB has been elected. I am convinced that Mario Draghi will know how to manage this future role as President of the ECB, as he has proved in his time at the Bank of Italy, and that he will do so by offering to Europe his wealth of experience and great competence.
After the failure of the so-called 'Lisbon strategy', which aimed for the EU to become the most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based economy in the world by 2010, we decided to consider whether the review of FP7 might offer an opportunity to consolidate the golden triangle of knowledge, education and research.
After the floods, Pakistan had already been helped by Europe with almost half a billion euros.
After the great imperialist powers have finished carving up the African continent in their own interests, everything points to the belief that a process has been restarted in South Sudan which will lead to more wars and suffering for the already severely devastated populations of Africa.
After the incident in Fukushima in Japan, the EU must equip itself with ambitious standards and framework treaties in matters concerning nuclear power and energy policy. I voted in favour of the Cizelj report on the management of spent fuel and radioactive waste from the energy, medical and research sectors.
After the negotiating process, the scoreboard - that is, the set of indicators that have been negotiated - includes not only financial and nominal indicators, but also indicators from the real economy.
After this agreement was not honoured by the Sri Lankan Government, the UN Secretary-General appointed a panel of experts to advise him on modalities for an accountability process.
After we received the petition, the Commission asked the Austrian Government how it had ensured that the directive was properly applied in this project.
After what happened in Japan recently, it is crucial that stress tests be carried out on European nuclear plants to assess health standards and risks, avoid potential disasters and alleviate public concern.
After years of inaction, the Commission seems intent on acting, and that is necessary: the survival of our companies and jobs depends on it. Finally, I welcome the adoption of the amendments put forward by the Group of the Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament with regard to compliance, in the context of public procurement, with working, social and environmental standards in force in the Member States.
Again, I urge MEPs and the Commission to be realistic and to be cautious with the money we have and with which we should aim to bring maximum benefit to our constituents.
Again, as regards neighbours, we also expect Russia to adhere to the agreements in the treaties in respect of Georgia and to withdraw its troops back to those areas where they were present before the conflict.
Again, is it possible to have one currency and 17 governments, 17 economic strategies and 17 bond markets - as we have today and is a situation which does not exist elsewhere in the world? It is only us in Europe who think that we can have one monetary union and 17 different policies, 17 different governments and 17 different bond markets.
Against the background of the global economic crisis, the EU is experiencing a crisis of democracy and solidarity.
Against the background of the recent migratory pressure from North Africa, the strengthening of Frontex has become a high priority for the Council. I would like to express my thanks to Mr Busuttil and the shadow rapporteurs for their good cooperation and I very much hope, as I have just emphasised, that a first-reading agreement can be achieved by June 2011, as was called for by the European Council in March.
Against this backdrop, it is important to increase the mobility of young people in the EU so that, where necessary, they will have more chance of finding work on another labour market.
Against this background, I am hoping for positive developments after two tough and difficult years.
Against this background, we believe that the key priorities for the next MFF should be grouped around the following themes: knowledge for growth and employment, sustainable development, cohesion for growth and employment, citizenship and Global Europe.
Agencies are also subject to evaluation by the Court of Auditors in connection with the annual discharge procedure, the results of which are discussed in the Committee on Budgetary Control.
Agencies were also advising companies on ways to present their higher-risk products as low risk, and this misleading practice meant that these products turned out to be more toxic than their rating would suggest and led to huge losses for investors, including pension holders across Wales.
Agenda of the next sitting : see Minutes
Agreement on a balanced, high-quality text is in sight. I just hope that the spirit of compromise that has brought us this far will carry us through to a final agreement.
Agreement on this requirement for Member States to provide data with harmonised methodology on environmental economy is actually a positive concrete step in the 'beyond GDP' process.
Agriculture provides security of supply of affordable, quality food; it provides essential protection for the environment and for balanced land use; and it creates jobs, growth and wealth.
Agriculture, after all, currently has its sprinklers wide open.
Ahead of the publication of the results, the Member States will need to release their strategies for possible restructuring or recapitalisation of their vulnerable institutions.
Aid, of course, is very important to Pakistan, but the idea of this trade package was to provide an incentive to entrepreneurs to start rebuilding factories and reinvesting in the textile and other industries that were literally swept away by the flooding.
Air agreements now fall within this category.
Air quality also has a significant impact on health expenditure, and particularly on expenditure on respiratory and oncology units.
Air services agreements now fall into this category, as they cover an area to which the ordinary legislative procedure applies.
Airlines will also benefit from the Agreement, since it provides for the use of each other's approved repair and maintenance facilities.
Albania and the FYROM have concluded a Stabilisation and Association Agreement with the EU, and the development of a sustainable economy and green infrastructure, which will naturally lead to job creation at local level, will create a significant potential for employment, thereby contributing to the realisation of the Europe 2020 Strategy.
All European citizens have the right to know whether or not those nuclear power plants are actually safe.
All I can say is that we have this dialogue with the EBA, we are determined - Mr Giegold has drawn all the lessons from this new round of tests, just as we drew lessons from the previous round, which was unsatisfactory - and we have an ambition - Mr Sánchez Presedo asked me to show ambition - which is to be demanding and rigorous when holding this dialogue, while respecting the powers and the independence of the EBA, just as we in the Commission demand respect for our own independence.
All I would say is that our role is to listen to the growing worries - and the word is weak - in a number of States in relation to the reforms undertaken in the name of the Bologna process.
All Member States will hopefully have learned the lessons of the crisis, namely that a balanced budget and strong fiscal discipline are rewarded by lower funding costs in the financial markets, and that honesty in statistical reporting is essential for continued market confidence.
All children must be able to access education, regardless of social background, and we must ensure that this opportunity is also available to the children of asylum seekers, refugees and all those who have permission, even if only temporary, to reside within the Union.
All costs added to the value of the order shall be borne by the seller.
All executions, wherever they take place, should be condemned.
All in all, I am looking forward to discussions with the Council members, I am looking forward to the result of your voting and I am looking with confidence to the future, in the hope that one of the pillars we have talked about will be finalised before the end of the year.
All in all, Parliament is advocating a new 'made in' labelling regime, which is currently a Sleeping Beauty after the conclusion of the first reading in 2010.
All in all, the Hungarian Presidency is convinced that the enlargement of the Schengen area to include Bulgaria and Romania, now that they meet all the technical and legal criteria, would be beneficial for the entire Schengen cooperation and for Europe as a whole, where one could travel from the Black Sea to the Atlantic without being stopped to show a passport or identity card.
All in all, we are aware that not all wishes could be satisfied in the negotiations, but these positive aspects that we were able to achieve in the negotiations thanks to Parliament's strength should lead to the desired positive effects.
All international aid should be made dependent on democratic change in Belarus.
All of Europe is fighting against poverty.
All of our countries have been affected in different ways in the current crisis and we have different experiences. A single voice is not as strong as a multitude of voices singing in harmony.
All of these activities must be subject to strict controls in compliance with international standards.
All of these factors are reasons why I am voting in favour of this report.
All of these positions are worked out with the 27 Foreign Affairs Council ministers and I have to pay tribute to them. I think that we are moving inexorably to a greater sense of coherence.
All of this goes against Directive 2000/78/EC, which establishes a general framework for the fight against discrimination. I therefore ask the Commissioner what action she intends to take, in view of the fact that the fundamental rights in the new Hungarian constitution are hardly compatible with those of the European Union and the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union.
All of this goes towards underlining the need to protect European businesses and the fact that there can be no growth and development, and above all no jobs, in a social and market economy situation in which the market - which is also a fundamental instrument of our European Union - does not pursue a higher and more important goal, namely social policy.
All of this is starting to look ridiculous on the world stage.
All of us - individual Members, political groups and institutions - have come a long way.
All of us take an oath, when we assume our duties, saying that we are not there to represent countries, and, in fact, the credibility of the institution comes exactly from that fact - that we try to be independent and to serve the general European interest. I can tell you that the Member States, including the UK, are very well represented in the European Council by their Prime Ministers and in the Council by the various ministers.
All our agencies need to be able to fulfil the tasks that we currently pile on them.
All over Europe, governments are imposing austerity budgets, and this House would be exceedingly unwise if it does not take on board that message, if it chooses to ignore the letter from the five Heads of Government, because what those five Heads of Government were saying is: more Europe is not the answer; smarter Europe is.
All parliamentarians take responsibility politically for their decisions and standpoints.
All that paints a much more complex picture than simply deciding whether this person or that person should preside over the future of the IMF.
All that will happen without the mandatory reallocation of sufficient resources to improve transport infrastructure and the efficiency and environmental performance of the haulage industry, something that should be an essential outcome of this directive.
All the 'made in x' label does is create a false sense of clarity for the consumer, while in reality bringing about extra costs and bureaucracy.
All the Members have had an opportunity to speak. I allowed them to speak for at least 15 seconds and even a minute in some cases, and the balance between the political groups has been fully respected.
All the abovementioned goals are of the utmost importance in terms of strengthening security in poorer regions.
All the authorities now need to quickly eliminate the prejudices against fresh vegetables, re-invigorate sales of fresh vegetables and breathe new life into trade with third countries.
All the information now provided by the Court of Auditors must be taken into consideration by the EU, particularly by the Commission as the main executive and management body of the EU budget.
All the investigators were given access to the airports at Otopeni, Bucharest and Constanţa, as well as to the base at the Torrejón Satellite Centre.
All the punishments are applied to those already in difficulty, even when these are the result of a euro overvalued against the dollar.
All the regions of Europe should play to their strengths. I will go in a couple of weeks' time to Debrecen, in Hungary, to the 'Week of innovative regions of Europe' conference, where all the regions will come together to talk about the concept of smart specialisation.
All the reservations which we have recently been hearing relate to the foreign policy debates of some Member States.
All the shortcomings identified in the past have been rectified.
All these areas will be improved by the creation of this European service. I voted for this resolution in order to put pressure on the European and national authorities and to prevent a delay that deprives Europe every day of infinite possibilities.
All these aspects are vital not only to the quality of life enjoyed by European citizens, but also to agriculture and rural development. I would like to stress that sustainable forest management is of pivotal importance to the European Union's achievement of its climate goals and to carbon dioxide capture from the atmosphere.
All these examples should certainly justify not a budget increase but a budget reduction. I would like to think that the UK Government will take a stand, will say enough is enough, and call for a reduction.
All these incidents raise serious question marks with us, especially as we must not forget that Azerbaijan has signed up to the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms.
All these issues should be included in the CAP after 2013 and should be taken into account when it is reformed. I also welcome the European Parliament's desire to help small farmers as well as young farmers, especially when they are starting up. Finally, it is important that the CAP guarantee farmers better incomes, the latter having dwindled steadily in recent decades and standing now at half the incomes of urban households.
All these major transformations are making the European Union commit itself actively, alongside the other partners, to promoting effective solutions to the problems affecting both European citizens and the whole of humanity.
All these steps have been taken as essential parts of Parliament's role.
All these young people must also find their future within the European Union's borders.
All this demands a lot of political will and some extra resources, and I will do my best to fight to make sure that there are resources under my responsibility.
All this is exacerbated by the key policies of the EU, particularly the Economic and Monetary Union, internal market competition and the liberalisation of international trade, among other issues.
All this must be combined with other forms of management that permit a fairer reward for the work carried out by professionals in this sector, a group of people who need to progress and continue learning throughout their working lives.
All this must be viewed from the sustainability standpoint you have been talking about, as well as from the environmental and social standpoints, but must also be viewed from the other side, which is also important: that is, the human side, for fishers who are suffering enormously.
All this requires direct participation on the part of local authorities and civil society, and the involvement of cities' political representatives in strategic planning and in defining and negotiating partnership contracts.
All this will help to strengthen consumer confidence and overcome the reluctance of businesses to engage in cross-border trade.
All this will serve not only to reduce defence expenditure but also to increase the autonomy of the European Union on the international scene. I believe that this point of view has been well captured in the report, which constitutes a step in the right direction in terms of promoting a common security and defence policy which is more effective, coordinated and consistent with the rest of the policies of the European Union and its Member States.
All those involved in cohesion policy agree that having several European funds in parallel - the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF), the European Social Fund (ESF), the Cohesion Fund, the European Fisheries Fund (EFF) and the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development (EAFRD) - does not always allow the European Union's financial resources to be managed in an optimal way. I voted in favour of this report because it proposes interesting ways of achieving the imperative objective of increasing consistency between these devices. I have high hopes that this approach, which is supported by the European Commission, will form part of the Commission's upcoming proposals concerning the regulatory framework that will apply to future cohesion policy (2014-2020).
All those who are in the register should be sure that if there is something inappropriate we will find it, we will criticise it, try to correct it and we will not be afraid to shame those responsible.
All we ask is that on your next visit you bring a little sunshine to Brussels.
Allergy sufferers in particular stand to gain from this proposal, as fur is potentially hazardous to their health and without proper labelling, they may buy a product containing these textiles without realising it.
Allergy sufferers in particular stand to gain from this proposal, as fur is potentially hazardous to their health, and the Commission must also study the possibility that potentially hazardous materials and chemicals used in textiles may lead to allergic reactions.
Allocated a budget of around EUR 54 billion for the period 2007-2013, the Seventh Framework Programme (FP7) has become one of the largest research support programmes in the world and represents the primary tool of EU research policy.
Allocating greater resources would mean, in the first place, investing in the trans-European transport networks (TEN-Ts), for which modernisation is an urgent priority; and, secondly, proceeding to reduce the physical, cultural, administrative and regulatory obstacles which hamper cooperation and territorial cohesion.
Allow me now to turn to the six legislative proposals on economic governance, called the 'six-pack' in our common jargon. I will not go into detail as it is on the plenary agenda in its own right.
Allow me to cite my own home country as an example: Austria has a school drop-out rate of just 8.7%, as compared to the EU average of around 14%, and it would certainly be worth examining Austria's dual system of vocational training, which is supported by the social partners.
Allow me to convey the appreciation of the Council to the European Parliament for the excellent cooperation. I would like to thank especially the rapporteur, Mr Toine Manders and his colleagues for the highly valuable work they have contributed to this process. I also appreciate the work of the Swedish, Spanish and Belgian Presidencies, because the current result is due to their work of superior quality.
Allow me to draw your attention to a few specific matters.
Allow me to make a suggestion: within the European External Action Service, we have created a department which deals specifically with humanitarian crises.
Allow me to make one point crystal clear: this is not about finding ways for Member States to reintroduce border controls. I firmly believe that to do so would not only catastrophically undermine what Europe has constructed over the past 61 years, but also sabotage the viability of our efforts to build a prosperous and integrated Europe for the future.
Allow me to remind you of the key EU institutions whose discharge reports were prepared by Mr Rivellini.
Allowing for annual evaluations of the state of stocks, these fishing opportunities can be revised upwards or downwards, entailing a consequent review of the amount of financial contribution due. EUR 682 500 will be paid annually as a financial contribution.
Allowing the sale of a higher percentage of tractors calibrated to the old, more permissive emission limits will actually serve to protect the economic interests of this strategic manufacturing sector, without altering the environmental protection objectives that have already been laid down.
Allowing them to follow the most suitable educational pathway, to make it easy for them to learn foreign languages, to approach the world of work equipped with the appropriate skills, or perhaps to enter a new educational or working environment, means building a future for all the countries of the European Union through the energies of university students and young workers, who come together in the same economic and cultural melting pot.
Allowing those countries to develop their markets could make a real difference, supporting not just the opening of markets but how they gain access to them, ensuring that they can reach our standards, and ensuring that they have real opportunities.
Almost the entire market for credit ratings, which are sometimes made compulsory for regulatory purposes, is controlled by three large US agencies.
Along these lines Prime Minister Orbán has recently said that we should clearly differentiate between economic migrants and political refugees.
Along with the speakers who came before me, however, I believe there is little desire on the part of Member States, in particular, to invest in controls and to introduce sufficiently harsh penalties for breaches of the existing rules.
Already in May 1941, as the President has said, the Soviet leadership had decided to cleanse Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia of anti-Soviet elements in political and economic elites.
Also among the negative aspects, Baroness Ashton, is the situation of Camp Ashraf: you are aware of the positive, constructive and moderating role that my group is playing in the development of foreign policy, and believe me when I say that the importance and sensitivity of the Iranian dossier has not escaped me.
Also as part of the legislative package aimed at reinforcing economic governance in the EU and the euro area, there has been a vote on this draft opinion on requirements for budgetary frameworks of the Member States. I voted for this report because I essentially share the rapporteur's concerns, particularly as regards amendments pertaining to the following key issues: 1) the general aim of this proposal should be linked to the promotion of a high level of employment, the guarantee of adequate social protection and the fight against social exclusion; 2) rules put forward to ensure improvements in national budgetary frameworks should be established in the context of the European Semester for policy coordination; 3) the requirements for national budgetary frameworks should not only ensure that Member States' fiscal planning is based on realistic forecasts, but should also ensure that appropriate attention is given to the sustainability of their respective social protection systems, including health care and pension systems; and, finally, 4) the requirements for national budgetary frameworks should also be designed in such a way as to encourage Member States to achieve the EU's growth and jobs objectives.
Also as part of the legislative package aimed at reinforcing the economic governance in the EU and the euro area, there has been a vote on this draft opinion on the effective enforcement of budgetary surveillance in the euro area. I voted for this report because I essentially share the rapporteur's concerns, particularly as regards amendments pertaining to the following key issues: 1) the enforcement of budgetary surveillance should always be subject to requirements related to the promotion of a high level of employment; 2) the guarantee of adequate social protection and the fight against social exclusion; 3) enhanced budgetary surveillance through an enforcement system should be composed not only of fines - sanctions - but also incentives; 4) a strengthened role for the European Parliament, as well as that of national parliaments, throughout the entire surveillance process.
Also important is the EU multilateralism issue and the need to be always well represented in the different strategic contexts, taking advantage, in particular, of the new EEAS, the European diplomatic corps that has finally become a reality.
Also of interest is the idea of bringing the timing of the MMF into line with the political cycles of EU bodies, thereby increasing democratic control and accountability.
Also on the same day, 22 years ago, the first partly-free parliamentary elections took place in Central and Eastern Europe, in Poland, where candidates of the democratic opposition won, taking almost all the seats which were open to a free vote.
Also, can you tell us what initiatives you and the EU intend to take to ensure that the Israeli Government hands over the tax revenues owed to the Palestinian Authority?
Also, from a general point of view, the chapter on investment must respect both parties' right to legislate in areas such as the environment, public health, employee and consumer rights, industrial policy and cultural diversity, among others.
Also, if we increase the ceiling, only the bigger vessels will gain any advantage from it. I am surprised that some Members of Parliament - who I would not have expected to say this - are asking me to increase this ceiling.
Also, marriage and family values as defined there go beyond the reality of people living in Europe and in Hungary, and it is not the rule of diversity that we have.
Also, the post-EIA stage should merit closer attention: it is frequently neglected.
Although CRA ratings fulfil several useful purposes (for example, they aggregate information about the credit quality of issuers, which is particularly helpful in our global environment), developments in the regulatory framework have turned these 'information intermediaries' into de facto 'regulatory licensors', a mistake that we must not make!
Although Canada has a strong presence in international trade, and is one of the European Union's oldest trading partners, we must proceed very sensitively and constructively as we finalise the comprehensive economic and trade agreement between the European Union and Canada.
Although GDP is a strong macro-economic indicator, it does not reflect Lithuania's greatest social problems, such as unemployment, the quality of education and health care systems and disparities in income distribution.
Although GNSS will only have a military application, it will be the taxpayers who foot the bill - twice over now as a result of the follow-up costs.
Although I agree with some of the proposals made in the amendment, I do not support the establishment of a common rate of corporate taxation.
Although I am not entirely in favour of the resources released in this way being allocated to the Union's budget, as I think that the Millennium Development Goals should benefit, at least in part, I wished to vote for paragraph 171 to send a positive signal to the Commission and the Council regarding the implementation of this tax.
Although I am pleased to note that we are calling for values which we Europeans consider to be fundamental, I also admit that it was with a certain sadness that I endorsed this report. I am aware that we sometimes call for these fundamental values to be upheld in other parts of the world, but forget that they are also being violated in some of the European Union's Member States.
Although I believe that it is in our interest to improve trade cooperation with Japan, we must strive to make our cooperation correct, open, balanced and beneficial to both parties. I would therefore like to express my support for the European Commission in its pursuit of this objective.
Although I believe that there is still a lot to be done in terms of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and of consumer rights, this report is a first step in facilitating cross-border trade between SMEs.
Although I represent the Centre, Auvergne and Limousin regions, which do not have borders with other Member States of the European Union, I am convinced of the usefulness of cross-border cooperation - and, more generally, of territorial cooperation - for the development of Europe and for building bridges between people. I completely agree with the proposals brought forward by the rapporteur, my colleague Mrs Sanchez-Schmid, particularly when it comes to enhancing the role of the European Groupings for Territorial Cooperation (EGTCs) and the financing of this objective.
Although I support some paragraphs, such as the one regarding the reduction of the European Parliament to one seat, the report hopes that an actual European tax will be introduced to finance European Union activities.
Although I welcome the agreement that has been reached on the Eurovignette Directive, I am nonetheless far from being fully satisfied.
Although Parliament has taken steps to improve its budget and make savings, questions remain over some issues such as funding for prizes, which are currently paid for by the tax payer.
Although a majority in the committee voted for the Commission proposal to award Pakistan these exceptional preferences, in fact, the Committee on International Trade also voted for several amendments aimed at limiting the impact of these trade advantages awarded to Pakistan, including, inter alia, the adoption of a safeguard clause, in case imports from Pakistan increase too much because of the reduction or removal of trade tariffs.
Although an action plan on global navigation satellite systems might be considered strategic, to provide signals guaranteed for civilian use and to ensure that European industry at all levels has an opportunity to compete in its growing market share, there are many key points that have not been addressed.
Although both Japan and the European Union are mature economies, their trade cooperation has failed to exploit the opportunities presented by their economic clout.
Although child development involves a number of contributing factors, whether genetically based or from the external environment, it is particularly the effect of the parents and the immediate circle of people that forms the personality.
Although experts have been in agreement on this for quite some time, the message has only recently got through to the political sphere, after considerable time and effort.
Although gender equality is recognised as a precondition for the achievement of sustainable development and the Millennium Development Goals, climate change policy does not, in the view of the experts, pay sufficient attention to this.
Although greater predictability in relation to FDI opportunities for EU investors is something to be welcomed, the potential negative aspects of investment policy, for example, the fear among the local population of redundancies and wage cuts due to outsourcing and the relocation of production, should not be swept under the carpet.
Although gross domestic product (GDP) is a measurement of production that is useful for economic market activity, it does not take into account the sustainability of the development demonstrated, or environmental and social aspects, etc. I therefore welcome the 'GDP and beyond - Measuring progress in a changing world' initiative, which aims to encourage and raise awareness of the use of other complementary GDP indicators when evaluating and discussing politics. I believe this system of measurement based on corroborating various study parameters will lead to political decisions more suited to the needs of society and the economy in general.
Although it acknowledges the importance and necessity of our having independent statistics authorities able to produce reliable and credible data on a Member State's macroeconomic and budgetary forecasts, I voted against this report because the punitive thinking behind it slots perfectly into a wider package to which I am opposed, for the reasons already expressed in the reports on this economic coordination.
Although it has been officially prohibited since 1986, an estimated 60 million children still work today in India's fields and factories.
Although it is expected that South Sudan will apply for accession to the Cotonou Agreement, the 10th European Development Fund will not be available until sometime after accession to the agreement.
Although it is mentioned in several places that the interests of broadcasting are to be taken into consideration, the Committee on Culture and Education would have liked there to have been much clearer wording in this regard.
Although it may seem strange to talk about culture, which is a non-essential good, when many Europeans are faced daily with problems obtaining goods essential to their survival, we cannot neglect it: instead, we must think that, in addition to being fundamental to our quality of life, it can and must be an opportunity for economic development and creating jobs for young people, as well as being, obviously, a factor of unity and cohesion between peoples.
Although it mentions that the radio spectrum is 'a key public resource for essential sectors and services', the report points the way towards the 'possibility to trade spectrum rights' and invites the Commission to adopt measures 'to ensure that Member States allow trading within the Union of spectrum usage rights'; once again, we do not agree with these guidelines and we would distance ourselves from them.
Although it relates to chemical and physical factors which, at first glance, are of little use in communication between politicians and voters, this indicator is, in fact, the result of numerous economic decisions: it indicates the concentration of polluting economic activities, the composition of the energy mix used for productive activities and for heating homes and offices, the use of motor vehicles and the management of road infrastructure and traffic, the insulation of buildings and the quality of the materials used, and the existence or otherwise of green spaces, to cite just a few examples.
Although many new roads have been built or repaired and Internet connections have been installed, there are still a great many needs to be met, since there is a very large gap between these regions and the most highly developed regions.
Although my outrage at, and condemnation of, all terrorist attacks and of fundamentalist terrorism remains absolute, I believe it is necessary to call for the abandonment of the death penalty in all cases and in all circumstances. I say this because we are opposed to every violation of fundamental human rights, always and wherever they occur.
Although no evidence was found for the shipments, what was clear from the outcome of my enquiries was that we could benefit from more regular inspections of cargo, as this would act as a deterrent to those involved in the illegal shipment of waste.
Although not all domestic workers are low-skilled and do not all work in precarious conditions, they are a vulnerable category and the Commission encourages the Member States to ensure they are properly protected by developing and enforcing their labour rights.
Although not all the compromises tabled and adopted in the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy are as balanced as I personally would have liked, I support very sincerely the general move to develop a spectrum management approach that is more integrated, realistic and responsive to the social, cultural and economic needs of our fellow citizens.
Although prevention is better than cure, we will also be better placed to take action to correct these situations if they do emerge.
Although repealing these regulations might appear to be a positive and welcome step from the standpoint of legislative simplification, it would, on the other hand, mean depriving our textile industry of still valid forms of defence against unfair competition from countries like China.
Although social protection falls under the competence of the Member States, the lack of harmonisation is clearly damaging the Internal Market.
Although some issues remain unresolved, such as the negative impact on biodiversity of tar sands extraction and of some seal-derived products, I voted in favour not only because the public procurement problem has practically been resolved, but also because of the benefits to the Member States, and to prevent the negotiations from suffering any delays.
Although some of the manufacturers of products opposed this initiative, referring to existing laws on the requirements for labelling parts of animal origin, an improvement has now been made, and it is a very real indication of the EU's consumer oriented thinking.
Although some problems remain unresolved, Romania and Bulgaria have proved to be sufficiently prepared to apply all the requirements of the Schengen acquis.
Although the Charter of Fundamental Rights may only be binding on European legislation and its implementation, Articles 2, 6 and 7 of the Treaties are binding on all Member States. A two-thirds majority was cemented into the Hungarian constitution, so that, realistically speaking, any future Hungarian Government will be unable to amend any of the country's laws.
Although the Deß report includes weaker elements of some of these proposals, unlike the Commission communication, it does not undermine the pro-market direction of travel of previous reforms.
Although the EU has set ambitious targets in its emblematic initiative entitled 'Digital Agenda', such as broadband cover for all EU citizens by 2013, with speeds of 30 Mbps or more by 2020, it is still lagging behind the USA and Japan in terms of competitiveness.
Although the EU is formally barred from participating because it is the Member States that are members, it is aware of its responsibilities to cooperate with the ILO and did not therefore want to fail to contribute to an area that we could say comes under the heading 'fundamental rights'. The importance of domestic work is indisputable.
Although the European Medicines Agency Management Board eventually decided to set limits with regard to the former Executive Director's new and future professional activities, the discharge authority needs further explanations from the Agency on how cases of conflict of interest are actually handled.
Although the European youth unemployment figures are extremely worrying - in January 2011, the unemployment rate among under-25s in the EU rose to 20.6% - the report on the 2020 strategy's flagship initiative, 'Youth on the Move', calls on Member States to increase their investment in education, training and mobility.
Although the Lisbon strategy and the Europe 2020 initiative place a far greater emphasis on social policy than was ever the case before, competitiveness and economic factors are still the centre of attention. I therefore took a very critical approach to the drafting of this report.
Although the Lisbon strategy and the Europe 2020 strategy place unprecedented emphasis on social policy, competitiveness issues and economic factors continue to take priority over social issues.
Although the Lisbon strategy gave - and the EU 2020 gives - to social policy an emphasis that is greater than ever before, the issues of competitiveness and economic factors continue to take priority over social issues.
Although the Vice-President/High Representative has made excellent senior appointments - I have seen some of these before the Committee on Foreign Affairs - I must ask why she has been short-changed in a stitch-up by the Commission, which seems to have retained a disproportionate amount of resources for EU enlargement and the European Neighbourhood Policy.
Although the agencies may not have triggered the global financial crisis, such actions on their part have, nonetheless, exacerbated it. In fact, they encourage speculation, jeopardising the chances of success of the already draconian recovery plans imposed on their people.
Although the conciliation procedure has come to an end, the needs and expectations of European consumers have not altered at all, and therefore I am pleased to note that we have another chance to make progress.
Although the decision establishing a Community action for the European Capital of Culture 2007-2019 only currently covers EU Member States, the truth is that the opportunity to win the title of European Capital of Culture has already been granted to cities of third countries on a number of occasions.
Although the decision on the European Capital of Culture for the years 2007 to 2019 applies only to the EU Member States, I agree with the resolution's call to award the title of European Capital of Culture exceptionally to Sarajevo in 2014. I believe that this would be an important step towards transcending past European divisions by awarding the title of European Capital of Culture to a city which was the scene of such tragic events in the course of the 20th century.
Although the directive should not allow discrimination based on the haulier's nationality, Article 7k permits Member States which introduce a system for charging tolls and/or users of the infrastructure to offer suitable compensation for these charges, which may distort competition.
Although the directive will apply to all vehicles over 3.5 tonnes, I think that this provision goes too far, because such vehicles mainly operate regionally, and this should not be regulated at European level.
Although the idea of a safety net is attractive, it is not enough.
Although the most extreme poverty has not disappeared, it is no less true that surges and flows of prosperity have raised India to a more prominent international role, and have revealed that its economy and society are prospering and innovating quickly and efficiently.
Although the price has fallen slightly, it continues to fluctuate, and for two years now, this situation has been affecting the daily lives of all our European fishermen, in particular, in the small-scale and coastal fishing sector.
Although the proposal initially only covers Member States whose currency is the euro, the European Parliament is seeking its application to any Member State that has notified the Commission that it wishes to apply this regulation, even if it is not a member of the euro area.
Although the relationship forged between the economies of individual Member States, and between them and the Union, needs to be reviewed, particularly in the light of what has happened in Greece and of the fact that various other Member States are showing signs of an imminent financial crisis on the same scale as that in Greece, such a review cannot be carried out using the methods presented in this report.
Although the report is a step in the right direction, there is still more that needs to be done. I hope that this register - if it proves to be a success - will develop into a mandatory register of lobbyists. I agree with Mr Duff's proposal that rapporteurs should name the lobbyists that they have had contact with when drafting a law.
Although the report is ambitious in seeking to find the greatest possible majority support from the House, I believe it lacks ambition in the objectives and aims it seeks to achieve in its current form.
Although the role of the Commission is strengthened, the report should clearly support the reversed qualified majority voting as planned in the first place to ensure independent and fast procedure of applying needed measures. I welcome in overall the call for greater transparency and involvement of European Parliament and national parliaments.
Although the vote on appointing certain European oligarchs is, according to regulation, a secret ballot, I am keen to let it be known that I voted against Mr Draghi,. because there is really something deeply unhealthy and perverse, in the middle of the sovereign debt crisis, about appointing a former European director of Goldman Sachs.
Although there are no foregone conclusions as to when the economic crisis will abate, the targets set by the Member States for 2020 in the research sector will not be achieved as things currently stand, just as the targets set in the previous European strategy, the Lisbon strategy, were not achieved.
Although there are some positive references to general principles of 'humanising work' and promoting creativity and the need for accessible pathways from informal to formal learning, they are all stale dead letter which simply embellish a report which, in the final analysis, promotes neoliberalism in every procedure and at every stage of education and training, even at the highest level.
Although there may well be disagreement between us as to whether those criteria have been met, much has been done.
Although these businesses are not involved in door-to-door selling, they naturally make frequent deals with customers that are concluded with a handshake.
Although they are in no way a substitute for political discussion or the democratic and legitimate decision-making process followed by law makers, and serve only to prepare the ground for political decisions, they draw the attention of law makers to the potential effects of their policies from the perspective of specialised content and help them to take decisions.
Although this agenda is within the exclusive competence of Member States, it is more than desirable for the Union, through its coordinating role, to contribute towards improving the situation in the Member States.
Although this report has some positive aspects, it was not capable of proposing the creation of a public, independent European Credit Rating Foundation.
Although we already have a large number of official bodies, he is obviously thinking of a way to strengthen the control of the Member States' authorities in this area. I would like to know how things stand in this area, because at present it would seem that we are unable to resolve this problem.
Although we are grateful for your contribution Mr Barnier, you have not explained why the risks associated with government bonds are recorded in the trading book, but not in the banking book.
Although we are now thinking about and debating the next multiannual framework, it was important to reiterate the fact that cohesion policy remains an essential lever for growth and that the budget earmarked for it should not be reduced.
Although we do now have earmarking to a very limited extent - 15% of infrastructure costs and 15% of external costs must go to the TEN-T networks - it is really far too little.
Although we have different opinions about energy production, we all agree, based on the 'polluter pays' principle, that the waste produced in the European Union has to be stored within the EU, even if reprocessing takes place in a third country.
Although we maintain our critical position regarding the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund (EGF), since we believe it would have been more important to have taken measures to prevent the unemployment in the first place, we voted in favour of the mobilisation of this fund in order to provide further assistance for workers affected by the consequences of companies restructuring or of the liberalisation of international trade.
Although we support this mobilisation, as it is essential to support these workers, we would like to reiterate our reservations and critical position on this fund, as we believe that it would have been more important to have taken measures to prevent unemployment in the first place.
Although yet more detailed rules may be laid down in future, the text that has been adopted represents a positive compromise in the harmonisation of existing regulations, guaranteeing secure purchases and putting a definitive end to typical sharp practices that hide behind electronic purchasing.
Although, as the rapporteur mentions, Croatia's entry into the EU is envisaged for the second half of 2012 or early 2013, its participation in the EMCDDA could be accepted given that this country is making an effort to investigate and prosecute drug-related crime.
Although, at the moment, no precise figures are yet available on the extent of the losses in the European market-gardening sector following the E coli crisis, the economic damage caused to this sector will clearly not be negligible.
Although, from 2005-2009 in the EU, tests for monitoring the residues of antibacterial agents in animals and animal foodstuffs show positive results, we can still say that there is no controlled trend towards reduction, only fragmented fluctuations.
Although, undoubtedly, the crisis of the banking system contributed considerably to our current economic problems, it would be a mistake to conceal that most of the problems arose prior to the crisis from a lack of fiscal discipline in numerous countries, from economic policy that did not strengthen competitiveness, and from the absence of coordination in European economic policy.
Amendment of Rule 51: joint committee meetings (
Amnesty International and Médecins sans Frontières have also expressed extreme concern over the safety of those involved and indeed the motivation behind their arrests. I fully support the Irish Nurses and Midwives Organisation and the International Council of Nurses, and indeed a number of Irish doctors, who are adding their voices in condemnation of these awful events.
Among other aspects, they can make them safer, more environmentally friendly and more economical.
Among other aspects, this will be achieved through progressive approximation of both parties' sets of requirements and regulatory processes.
Among other examples, we propose keeping the system of milk production quotas as an essential condition for protecting producers in particularly sensitive countries; we advocate maintaining planting rights in the wine sector and maintaining aid for the distillation of potable alcohol and emergency distillation; and we propose setting up a public agricultural insurance scheme, financed from EU funds, to guarantee a minimum income for farmers in the event of natural disasters.
Among other issues, let me inform you that the European Council is expected to appoint Mario Draghi as the next Governor of the European Central Bank on whom this house takes a vote.
Among other possible sources of financing, the report also proposes considering the possibility of paying companies for ecosystem services, through which they contribute to biodiversity conservation and forest protection.
Among other serious aspects, this regulation intends to give the Commission the power to withdraw authorisations, to ask Member States to negotiate or reject bilateral investment treaties (BITs) and to approve new BITs.
Among other things, I very much welcome the demand for Member States to secure sufficient funding for expenditure associated with the management of spent fuel. I myself have visited several radioactive waste storage facilities, and I firmly believe that a shortage of funding might directly lead to them becoming less safe, which is something we must prevent in Europe.
Among other things, it is foreign debt or excessive external imbalances on which markets have focused, and this clearly means that in responding to the situation, we must go beyond fiscal adjustment.
Among other things, the Court drew attention to carryovers and cancellations of significant budget appropriations: for example 38% of the budget under the title 'Buildings, Equipment and Miscellaneous Operating Expenditure' was carried over to 2010. EUR 14.8 million of this carryover was for activities as yet not implemented (or, in some cases, for goods not received) at the year-end, which is at odds with the budgetary principle of annuality.
Among other things, the adopted text establishes that the EP takes note of the budgetary constraints many Member States face as a result of the financial and economic crisis and the need to critically review potential savings at all levels including at Union level; and, in light of this situation, stresses that real savings could be achieved if Parliament only had one workplace in the same location.
Among other things, this text establishes that Parliament notes that the EU's mechanisms for building consensus and taking concerted action make it a model for a rules-based international order.
Among other things, we propose strengthening cooperation between the cultural and creative sectors and European universities, increasing the number of specialist training courses for young people, and improving the mobility of all creators and people of culture.
Among the amendments and innovations I opposed was an amendment to create an informal and powerless monitoring group in the European Parliament to scrutinise programmes.
Among the conclusions to draw from it, it should be stressed that the running costs of these programmes are estimated to be some EUR 800 million per annum and that revenue will only reach EUR 80 million per annum by around 2030.
Among the intended cost-saving measures, it has been decided that an interpretation service will automatically be provided for meetings of working groups in six languages only (French, German, English, Polish, Spanish and Italian), whilst other languages will only be made available if Members request them.
Among the main advances, I would like to mention two: the cooling-off period, which has been extended to 14 days, and provision of the summary containing all the information and the total price to pay before the last button or click which confirms the order.
Among the many others, the most important point is the budget, which is undoubtedly the only and most important tool for constructing the delicate balance between consolidation of the public accounts and the need to support growth.
Among the negative aspects, and despite the efforts of Baroness Ashton, is the different yardsticks against which the cases of Libya and Syria are measured in the United Nations Security Council and also in the Council of Ministers of the European Union.
Among them is Hungary, currently holding the Presidency.
Amongst other uses, they are fed to animals on a preventative basis.
Amongst the most important aspects, we would stress: the need for a comprehensive and detailed evaluation of the reasons for the inadequate achievement of the objectives regarding development cooperation and the various lines of support for the fisheries sector in Mauritania; the advocating of support for the fastest possible construction of adequate facilities for landing fish along Mauritania's central and southern coastlines, including Nouakchott, so that fish caught in Mauritanian waters can be landed at national ports rather than outside the country, as is often the case at present; and that fisheries agreements between the EU and third countries should be preceded by a wide-ranging debate in the countries concerned, allowing participation by the public, civil society organisations and national parliaments, thereby promoting greater democracy and transparency.
An absolutely key element is the fact that young people must have the opportunity, not only in their studies, but also in their vocational training, to undertake part of their training in another EU Member State.
An additional fine for Member States falsifying their fiscal statistics is also provided for, at the initiative of the Parliament.
An agency's strategy is usually set by the director in agreement with the governing board, and these strategies are presented to Parliament each year and are reflected in the annual work programme.
An agenda must be established for sharing research, knowledge and best practices. I support the request that further research be done on animal welfare and agricultural practices, such as improving herd management, early prevention of disease and the breeding of robust varieties of animals.
An agreement could lead to relations between the two areas reaching even greater levels of economic cooperation, creating even stronger links between these two areas, which are already profoundly linked by a common cultural approach.
An agreement signed between these organisations well over 50 years ago implies that the Agency can prevent the WHO from having access to information regarded as confidential, even if this information may be crucially important for monitoring and understanding the effects of nuclear accidents on human health.
An agreement such as this must also contain elements that do not necessarily relate only to trade - these have also been mentioned already: sustainability, human rights, social, environmental and labour standards - these things are also unbelievably important.
An announcement today in that direction would certainly be helpful for Egypt and for the Egyptians.
An attempt has been made at a higher level to introduce comprehensive multinational regulations for Foreign Direct Investment, or FDI, that would apply to all economic sectors.
An attempt has been made at both WTO and OECD level to introduce comprehensive multinational regulations for foreign direct investment, or FDI, that would apply to all economic sectors.
An education with a robust, quality foundation guarantees Europeans a better future.
An emphasis on increasing efficiency, instead of on limiting consumption, will result in technological innovations being prioritised, which will be to our advantage.
An energetic, growing cultural sector is clearly necessary for Europe's success as a creative, knowledge-based economy.
An equally incontrovertible fact is that this was a mistake and we are paying the consequences.
An examination of the proposal for a Council directive codifying Council Directive 92/79/EEC of 19 October 1992 on the approximation of taxes on cigarettes, Council Directive 92/80/EEC of 19 October 1992 on the approximation of taxes on manufactured tobacco other than cigarettes, and Council Directive 95/59/EC of 27 November 1995 on taxes other than turnover taxes which affect the consumption of manufactured tobacco, resulted in the Consultative Working Party's concluding, without dissent, that the proposal is a straightforward codification of existing texts, without any change in their substance.
An example of this is Latin America and its notorious underfunding.
An excellent example of partnership, support and exchange of experience which has yielded positive results is the cooperation between Polish regions and the countries in the Eastern Partnership over the last few years.
An idea is being promoted for structural or agricultural funds for financing innovation and research. I think that this notion is neither feasible nor fair. A realistic solution is to create specific instruments which will be earmarked only for research and innovation.
An important objective of cohesion policy is European cross-border cooperation.
An important point in the report is the request for the introduction of one or several genuine own resources to replace the present GNI-based system and to achieve an autonomous, fairer, more transparent, simple and equitable financing system.
An important way of regaining this trust is being open about what we do and what influences shape our work.
An in-depth assessment of European environmental economic accounts can only be made on the basis of reliable data and therefore, Member States should be equipped with common methodology and standards, definitions, classifications and accounting rules which should be developed in a framework which is binding on all States. I am voting in favour of the proposal because the objectives to be pursued and the future direction to be taken regarding environmental economic accounts need to be clearly set out, and so that these accounts can constitute an indispensable basis for environmental economic decision making.
An informal trialogue resolved the issue to permit adoption at first reading.
An innovation policy that is consistent and integrated, and has a long-term vision will enable us to leverage strengths and resolve weaknesses detected at regional level.
An institutional agreement was reached between Parliament and the Commission with the aim of setting up a common register.
An uncertain entrepreneurial environment and an unfavourable legislative framework can dampen citizens' creative spirit.
And I am happy that the rapporteur has made the proposal for a research voucher, trying to secure that we have a spontaneous process for excellence between researchers in Europe by creating and increasing their mobility.
And I ask her for less arrogance and more diligence.
And allow me one more comment: if anyone were to deny one of our most basic freedom rights from the weakest, then these rights would be in jeopardy for all of us.
And every year it is the same finding: waste, shortcomings in recruitment and public procurement procedures, carryovers and cancellations of too numerous appropriations ... It is not necessary to uncover fraud, as at the European Economic and Social Committee, to reach a verdict of mismanagement.
And finally, Commissioner, protection against cyber attacks and terrorist attacks has to be established in all sectoral policies of the European Union where cross-border emission of hazardous materials may occur.
And finally, a comment: I think it was Mr Weber of the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) who said that we had to be very careful about the policy we implement concerning migrants, European problems and labour supply. I deeply agree with that.
And finally, allow me to congratulate Mr Coelho who prepared the report, whose constructive and consistent work has been truly important in this matter. I would also like to thank the Hungarian Presidency for its commitment and the concrete steps it took to facilitate the accession of the two Member States as soon as possible.
And finally, since the ongoing evaluation of the Schengen system has been discussed at length as well, I would like to say that the Hungarian Presidency has already stated this very clearly from the first moment, and this is something we continue to believe in. The issue of the Schengen expansion must be clearly separated from the type of evaluation to which we will subject the Schengen system.
And how better to achieve that than to enable citizens from the world over to be represented at the UN? There is the European Parliament, but there are also regional parliaments, such as the ACP-EU Joint Parliamentary Assembly.
And indeed it is vital to maintain and improve Europe's economic and competitive position and to maximise its social and cultural impact by enabling innovative services for the benefit of citizens.
And it is also clear from the draft Memorandum of Understanding we have submitted that we also have to clarify what data provision falls within the competence of the Council and what does not. I think this will promote presentation between the various administrations.
And lastly, I find it important to mention the importance of a deep understanding of cultural heritage, so that communities living together can recognise and respect each other's cultural values. I believe that the concrete task of the Commission is to promote all of these issues, while that of Parliament is to strengthen theoretical and political support.
And let me reiterate, not for the first time in this House, that our basic philosophy is a strong Europe; a strong Europe that places people at the centre of its thinking.
And my question to Mr Vigenin, as the Socialist Group has links to Yanukovych's Party of the Regions, is: do you have confidence in the political impartiality of the General Prosecutor's Office in Ukraine? Mr Vigenin, could you answer that?
And now not just us, but everybody from the liberals to the PPE demand an explanation for the failure.
And please, Commissioner Rehn, do not tell me that these policies I am denouncing are being pursued by socialist governments.
And the nation that plays it is lost!'
And they are right in doing so. We have a common responsibility and therefore our success or failure is shared.
And this Parliament's approach on that issue is not supported by many of my group's members. I cannot support Parliament's changes to the Council text on the macroeconomic imbalances and I would like to see in the weeks ahead more clarity on the different positions between euro zone and non-euro-zone Member States.
And this is what this Parliament is already demanding of lobbyists coming here to us. I hope that the other institutions will follow suit.
And what are we talking about and promising Egypt? One billion.
And when the Germans accepted, they then said that Italy was chairing the European Union for these six months, so they had to be there.
And why? Because they will be elected by angry German taxpayers and by desperate French and Dutch private entrepreneurs fed up of paying other people's debts, and I know that neither you nor I want this to happen.
And yet I am voting in favour of it. I want to validate the notion of necessary statistical instruments even if I reject the policies that they may serve.
And yet this reform had been consigned to oblivion before the Belgian Presidency put it back on the Council's table. I welcome the progress made as a positive first step towards a more sustainable road transport system.
And, as Members of this House I am sure will privately be able to let them know, that is not an unmixed blessing.
And, of course, across Africa, I mentioned two countries, but we could talk about many more, not least as regards what is happening again today in Sudan and the importance of ensuring that South Sudan is created with the best possible chances of success
And, particularly, I think that some have said that this is a transfer of powers from Member States to the European Union.
Annual growth rates of the market for GNSS-enabled products and services are estimated to be above 10%. The Commission should launch a comprehensive analysis to identify more precisely the possible scenarios and means of operation and exploitation post 2013.
Annual report from the Council to Parliament on the main aspects and basic choices of the common foreign and security policy (CFSP) in 2009 (
Another aspect concerns the instruments and schemes at EU level supporting the forestry sector, which are very lightweight compared with those applied in other business sectors and given the current and future contribution made by forests to achieving the sustainable development targets.
Another aspect is to encourage study grants offered to students by private companies.
Another big sticking point in the negotiations was the Council's failure to act on the import of embryos and semen into the EU, which allows farmers to breed offspring of clones.
Another boost will come following the wonderful achievement of Swansea City Football Club - and I say this for the benefit of my colleague Richard Howitt - who have just deservedly reached the Premier Football League after a fantastic season. I pay tribute to the manager, players, directors, staff and fans who have made promotion possible.
Another cause for concern is the suspicion that antibiotic resistance is being transferred directly via foodstuffs.
Another cause for satisfaction is that, with this report by Mr El Khadraoui - and I congratulate him on his tenacity - we are clearly expressing our desire to see the 'polluter pays' principle factored into the costs of road transport.
Another commitment was to set up traceability systems for reproductive material originating from cloned animals outside the EU. These commitments were made on several occasions and must feature in the new proposals. I am confident that Member States will focus greater attention on the legitimate concerns of the European Union's citizens.
Another crucial point in the report is the endorsement of a decisive reduction in red tape for farmers and national authorities, in order to simplify the numerous administrative obligations in the sector.
Another factor which is also just as important is for traders not to have to adapt to different requirements.
Another idea that has mileage in it is to gradually abandon subsidies that are harmful to the environment, along the lines of what the Commission has done for tobacco. I am also pleased that the European Parliament has reaffirmed its support for own resources because it is only right that the Union should manage its own budget.
Another important aspect to bear in mind is the dialogue on the further liberalisation of the visa system, in view of the commitment to abolish these in the long run for travel between the EU and Russia.
Another important element is the strengthening of development based on small and medium-sized enterprises.
Another important point in this report is that it supports the creation of a system of funding the European budget that is transparent, simpler and more equitable.
Another important provision of the directive is the one which concerns the way in which income from tolls is spent.
Another issue again involving just a nuance: while the compensation of migration costs by Member States is a very important issue - no doubt about that - it must be in conformity with State aid rules. I think there is no difference between our points of view; it is something that has to be mentioned.
Another issue that we absolutely must address is how we are to finance the EU budget, and in this regard, our group has been very clear.
Another item on the upcoming European Council agenda is the Commission's recommendation that Croatia become the 28th Member State of the European Union, hopefully by 1 July 2013.
Another key point, of course, is public health and safety, and I am pleased that the planned stress tests, both in the EU and, as has been said here, also in Belarus, and in the future Ukraine and Russia, should be such as to make people in the EU safe.
Another measure needed is for India to produce and implement some transparent, clear regulations on public procurement, which will also enable European companies to gain access to them.
Another nuanced issue: while I understand the addition of the need to ensure sufficient spectrum for audiovisual services, that should not single out specific modes of delivery.
Another point that we consider significant relates to rural development and to the harnessing of all natural and human potential through quality agricultural production and the protection of mountain areas.
Another point which I am opposed to is the implication that woody biomass is not sustainable. I believe that we should highlight the variety of protective and useful functions provided by the forests and not take a one-sided approach.
Another problem we have here is the fact that we cannot even use the reasoning of providing maximum protection for investments.
Another question that has been repeatedly touched upon is child labour. I think it is fair to make a distinction between child labour in manufacturing and child labour in agriculture.
Another report that seems very important to me is Youth on the Move, one of the main aims of which is to address early school leaving. I believe that this issue is absolutely connected to youth unemployment, with the very high percentage of unemployment that we have in our Union.
Another strength brought to light by this report is the establishment of European Groupings of Territorial Cooperation (EGTCs). I believe that the establishment of these groupings can bring about positive results both from the point of view of governance, in that they would signify cross-border governance that guarantees authorship of different policies at local and regional levels, and from that of social cohesion, as it creates more potential for communities that are linguistically and culturally different from each other to come closer together.
Another very important question is the matter of energy sources and the costs which will be borne by EU Member States when paying Russia for them. A resolution to the question of the ban on imports of vegetables from the EU to the Russian market is urgent.
Another very important subject is the EU's multilateralism, which benefits, above all, from the recent establishment of the European External Action Service, which has at last come into being.
Another, simpler, daily example is that of fires. A fire which destroys a forest and the biodiversity and eco-systemic services provided by the forest, by which I mean clean water, clear air and the framework for reproducing food, which destroys the cultural heritage of a place, which destroys agricultural production, is measured positively in terms of GDP, because investments are made to restore the damage, despite the fact that the country, the region, the area, will have sustained long-term damage.
Antibiotic resistance in livestock and domestic animals has become a problem in recent years.
Antibiotics are costly and therefore, farmers do not just use them as they would give an animal a drink of water.
Antibiotics must not be demonised, but used with caution in both people and animals.
Antimicrobial resistance (AMR) is an animal health issue for the European livestock sector, covering dairy, beef, pig and poultry meat, eggs, and sheep and goat milk and meat production.
Antimicrobial resistance (AMR) is an animal health issue for the European livestock sector, covering dairy, beef, pig and poultry meat, eggs, sheep and goat milk and meat production.
Antimicrobial resistance (AMR) is an animal health issue for the European livestock sector, especially at a time when guidelines on the prudent use of antimicrobials have already been issued in several Member States, which has led to a reduction in the usage of these substances.
Any Member State leaving the euro - which is what Mrs Le Pen wants for France - would see its new currency dramatically devalued.
Any additional charges on Irish hauliers would have a major negative impact on our exports. I think I am supported by the Spanish, the Portuguese and also the Italians.
Any change to the own resources system also requires all Member States to give their approval in order for it to enter into force.
Any debate on the Schengen Agreement must, in my opinion, be accompanied by amendments to Dublin II.
Any decision leading to the administration of antimicrobials, whether to humans or animals, should be carefully considered and take into account the potential threat of antimicrobial resistance (AMR). In fact, this resistance affects both humans and animals, and can be transmitted from human to animal and vice versa. I am well aware that AMR in humans is often caused by inadequate doses of antibiotic medicines and incorrect treatments, but it can also be through the transmission, via animals, of pathogenic bacteria carrying AMR genes, with serious consequences for public and animal health.
Any free trade agreement the EU signs with India must in no way limit India's ability to produce generic medicines.
Any hidden agenda has the potential to distort, if not destroy, these relations.
Any new EU rules on charging heavy goods vehicles must maintain a balance between the environmental needs and economic interests of the new Member States.
Any reform made to the approach of European Union policies to forests must not simply be reduced to the challenges posed by climate change, but take into account all the aspects relating to forests' contribution to sustainable development at regional, European and global level.
Any threats that could cost the nuclear industry too dearly, such as human error or plane crashes, are simply ignored, despite the fact that these are key when assessing the safety of the population.
Any weakening of Member States' ambition to complete the reforms which have been initiated under the strain of the crisis, excessive indulgence, too many exceptions to the commonly accepted rules and a return to a new round of internal protectionism will deal fatal blows.
Anyone seeking to freeze the budget will damage Europe and weaken our ability to fulfil our duties to our citizens.
Anyone who does not want to see things in those terms just has to look at how the budget is being implemented this year and the major problems that are being experienced with finding sufficient payments, even to put into action the solidarity instrument, for example, which benefits some needy regions of Europe.
Anyone who enjoys skiing, as I do, will know that at around 15:00 in the afternoon in this region, noise pollution seems to be a bigger problem than damage to the natural environment.
Anyone who followed with horror the events that made victims of the inhabitants of the martyr city of Sarajevo during the war in Bosnia, and which damaged its buildings, cannot fail to welcome the city's designation as European Capital of Culture 2014.
Anyone who knows a bit about Canada, has visited British Columbia and knows how international corporations have used their influence here to make the indigenous peoples give up their ancestral areas and allow these areas to be bought up, cannot simply ignore this.
Anyone who thinks that we are introducing a permanent subsidy category is underestimating the European Parliament.
Anyone who turns the constitutional right of an accused person to access their files into the exact opposite, in other words, into a compulsion to access the files, and anyone who does this, as in the case of Mr Lutsenko, by means of imprisonment and, in the case of Mrs Tymoshenko, by a total of 44 summonses so far, clearly demonstrates what sort of person he is and the fact that he is abusing the judicial system in the old-fashioned way for the purposes of political disputes.
Anyone who wants pluralism and political competition should ensure that the election standards declared by the Council of Europe are adhered to and should allow long-term election observation by the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) at the earliest stage.
Anyway, it is a matter for the Committee on Regional Development to prepare the matter for debate in plenary. I am very surprised by your extremely optimistic view that our work is complete.
Apart from discussion in the framework of the EU-Russia summits, we should ensure that the consultations which take place twice yearly with European Union representatives and diplomats from the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs are decisively stepped up.
Apart from having a standard EU-level policy, it is particularly important to ensure good collaboration and coordination locally between the various institutions and ministries involved in youth education programmes.
Apart from that, Japan is the seventh destination for European exports.
Apart from the objections that can be made to this approach on principle, I cannot understand how anyone can think that the EU can ever speak with one voice on such sensitive subjects, in which the interests of the individual Member States are very often different, if not quite openly conflicting.
Apart from the specific measures intended to address this particular situation, the Council remains fully committed to the further development of the common European asylum system.
Apart from the threat of accident or terrorist attack, there is also considerable evidence of adverse health effects along Ireland's eastern seaboard attributed to Sellafield discharges.
Apart from this, harmonisation of contract law would not prevent the discrepancies in other areas influencing transnational trade within the EU. There is no categorical proof indicating that it is these legal differences which are preventing transactions from being completed with foreign companies and consumers.
Apart from this, many studies have already shown that funding used in this way brings considerable economic and social advantages in the medium and long-term.
Apparently it was a Maltese vessel. I would therefore like to know: what boat was it and what information is available? Who failed to rescue the 600 Libyan refugees? In the 21st century, surely no one is going to tell me that it is not possible to identify the ship in question.
Apparently there are hundreds of expert groups who work on the official papers published by the Commission, however the identity of the members of these advisory bodies that meet behind closed doors remains a closely-guarded secret.
Applying double standards and talking about mandatory criteria which, once they have been met, are regarded as 'only technical' is not at all characteristic of a democratic, fair Union, as we know it. This is why I can only hope that the opinions of the experts and those of the European legislative will not continue to be ignored by politicians from Member States.
Applying this logic in the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, I am questioning the efficiency of the four agencies which we have been discussing: Eurofund, ETF, OSHA and the improbably named Cedefop. I recently myself visited ETF in Turin and also heard a presentation from Cedefop while I was there.
Appointing a head would put a stop to that.
Appropriate safeguarding of the explosion site is still an unresolved issue.
Approval of an ILO Convention on domestic workers would be a first step in plugging the existing gap, by safeguarding rights in connection with their employment, pay rises, the adoption of criteria for employers or even by clarifying that domestic employees need not necessarily stay in the employer's home.
Approval of the Presidency's report on the means for promoting Roma inclusion in the European Union and of the conclusions concerning the launch of the EU Strategy for the Danube Region may mark important steps in the implementation of these vital policies for the European Union.
Approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to units of measurement (
Are there plans to use this initiative to launch the permanent structured cooperation which has not yet been put into operation? Will you ensure that the European Defence Agency and the EU Military Staff have central responsibility for implementing this initiative?
Are they aware of the report by the Italian Carabinieri of the Ministry of Agricultural, Food and Forestry Policies concerning milk quotas? This report clearly shows that the milk production quota, which was supposed to have been exceeded, thus forming the legal basis for the fines levied on Italian dairy farmers, was not in fact exceeded.
Are we not in danger of concentrating too much on concluding individual agreements, which may prevent us from pursuing a multilateral system with appropriate and sufficient vigour?
Are we spending our money as wisely as we can? Is there not too much of it going on administration? Is there not too much going on bureaucracy and red tape? And is not enough being given towards food security? Again like greening, people talk about food security as a throw-away line.
Are you definitely sure this is the safest method? To my mind, it is not.
Areas of special concern, where an in-depth analysis of the reasons for the delays should be carried out, are the following: the rail sector, certain energy and environmental investments, digital economy, social inclusion, governance and capacity building.
Armed with relevant useful and comparable information, we should, in the near future, be better able to provide EU added value across forestry-related socio-economic and environmental issues, thus paving the way for better EU input to help forests to continue to deliver their multiple benefits for us all.
Arms trafficking in the region also encourages more rebel unrest, while compromising the process of establishing independence.
Around 115 000 people were evacuated from the areas in the vicinity of the reactor, and since 1986 around 220 000 people have been relocated from Belarus, the Russian Federation and Ukraine.
Around 40 people who had taken part in the demonstrations following the elections were charged with civil disorder, which can carry a maximum sentence of 15 years imprisonment.
Around five million people in the European Union are employed in the cultural sector.
Around one third of the students who have participated in the Erasmus programme have experienced difficulties arising from uncertainties over the system of education in other countries and the lack of correspondence and continuity between the subjects of study in the home country and abroad.
Around two years ago, we, Parliament, approved a trading ban with an overwhelming majority, despite the immense pressure from Canada on Parliament and the other institutions to water down the legislation.
Article 138 of the Treaty of Lisbon states that the euro's place in the international monetary system must be strengthened.
Article 174 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union establishes that the EU 'shall develop and pursue its actions leading to the strengthening of its economic, social and territorial cohesion', and it has therefore set Union funds for the 2007-2013 period at EUR 347 billion, which corresponds to 35.7% of the overall EU budget. I am voting in favour of this report as it sets out an accurate analysis of the current state of Union funds by demonstrating the areas in which, up until now, EUR 93.4 million has been spent, suggests recommendations and areas for improvement, contributes to resolving the economic and financial crisis, and promotes best practices and mutual learning at regional level.
Article 28 of the Charter stipulates that, in line with EU and national laws and practices, workers or their organisations have the right to negotiate and conclude collective agreements at the appropriate levels, and, in cases of conflicts of interest, to take collective action to defend their interests, including strike action.
Article 317 of the Lisbon Treaty explicitly requires the cooperation of Member States in the implementation of the budget.
Article 34 of the Treaty on European Union clearly stipulates that Member States shall coordinate their action in international organisations and that Member States, which are also members of the UN Security Council, will concert and, in the execution of their functions, defend the positions and the interests of the Union.
Article 8 of the chapter on law and procedure on the immunity of Members of the European Parliament stipulates that the latter shall not be subject to any form of inquiry, detention or legal proceedings in respect of opinions expressed or votes cast by them in the performance of their duties.
As Amnesty suggested, however, it is vital to link these with the TDIP report and with the follow-up that the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs (LIBE) has agreed to take up in a new own-initiative report.
As Bulgaria and Romania meet the requirements for accession to the Schengen area, I welcome its expansion to include them.
As Canada is a member of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), the Commission must undertake to find a satisfactory solution regarding both industrial products and agricultural or fisheries products, so that Canada does not become a gateway through which goods from other NAFTA members enter Europe.
As Diogo Feio just said, I think the text has actually been improved, and I think that when there is public debate we are doing our job and citizens can be informed about what is going on in Brussels, as they say.
As European legislators, we cannot afford to say to the public: 'Europe is doing nothing because we have not succeeded in reaching an agreement'.
As Europeans, we try systematically to promote values and principles which, for us, are fundamental and inalienable.
As I already announced - and in order to reassure Mr Cancian and all the other honourable Members who have voiced concern about the overly long timescales - I can confirm that we will try to present our work ahead of schedule.
As I always maintain at meetings of the Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality, parents living in poverty mean children raised in poverty.
As I am more strongly attached to freedom of expression than the pseudo democrats in this House, I shall systematically refuse to waive the immunity of one of my fellow Members, from whichever political group, for the expression of his or her opinions, no matter how much they differ from my own.
As I consider safeguarding the 'Made in' label to be a priority issue, I cannot vote in favour, and have therefore chosen to abstain.
As I have already explained, all the matters discussed at that time are linked to national competence.
As I have already said, they are difficulties which, to be fair, concern not only the euro area.
As I have already underlined, we could become competent when the constitution is translated into legislative, administrative or judicial practice. I can assure Parliament that we would not hesitate for a moment to intervene in such a case if the Treaty or the Charter was violated or if Union law was not respected.
As I have indicated, we must expect oil prices to remain high and this economic climate to affect primarily those involved in small-scale fishing.
As I have previously stated, strengthening SMEs is key to promoting economic growth.
As I mentioned in my introductory statement, we are currently implementing a pilot project, at the request of Parliament, to convert precarious work into decent employment, and two calls for proposals have been launched already.
As I pointed out, some questions remain open, such as the relationship between the EGF and the ESF.
As I said at the beginning, I am careful with the use of the word 'historical'. However, in the case of Croatia I think we have indeed come to a historical moment, because we are sending a very important message to the Western Balkans, namely that they have a future in the European Union. I truly hope that the heads of EU Member States and governments will take the political decision tomorrow and the day after tomorrow about the accession of Croatia, and that the negotiations can be concluded in the final hours of the Hungarian Presidency, on 30 June at the latest.
As I said during the March vote, it is important to bear in mind the various national particularities and the protection offered, with proper respect for the subsidiarity principle.
As I said regarding the Youth on the Move initiative, education is an essential instrument in ensuring the realisation of the ambitious objectives of the Europe 2020 strategy.
As I said, I tell citizens that I believe that they are protected, but I cannot guarantee it. It is my understanding, for example, that one of these companies was convicted in one region of Spain, and yet all it did was simply move to another region and continue its work.
As I said, good partners do not haul each other before WTO courts on account of their convictions.
As I see it, if we are to improve the European Union's representation in multilateral organisations, we must first find a consensus. I am pleased to see that the Union has supported the United Nations' strategy, particularly in the case of humanitarian policy and conflict resolution.
As I see it, this report also illustrates the need for better information exchange between Member States and European agencies and, above all, for Croatia's potential accession to be prepared in a calmer manner than the 'major' enlargement of 2004 and 2007, when the countries of Central and Eastern Europe joined the EU.
As I see it, what is most important is the question of what MEPs are allowed to do. Are MEPs only allowed to work in a professional capacity here in Parliament, or are they also allowed to undertake other activities in addition to their work in Parliament? I personally believe that these other activities should be very narrowly defined, and should be limited to scientific work and publications.
As I understand it, EP priorities are: an enhanced role for the EU in the UN system, taking into account the institutional changes brought by the Lisbon Treaty; a need for guidelines ensuring proper consultations between the ambassadors of the Member States in order to avoid discordance of EU voices as in the case of Libya; an adequate budget for UN Women; further strengthening of the role of the ICC; support for the UN Mediation Unit and a key role for the EEAS in this context; improvement of the relationship between the UN Peacebuilding Commission and the EU Peace-building Partnership; and finally, stronger EU leadership in the area of global climate governance.
As I understand, the report contains a legislative resolution on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to units of measurement.
As I understood it, the Commission had listed 200 indications that it intended to protect via an agreement that would come into force before the free trade agreement.
As Joseph Stiglitz expressed it so well, GDP is not only an instrument which is inadequate for reflecting citizens' welfare, but it is also restricted to measuring economic market activity. I hope that the European executive will come up with specific proposals for additional, more extensive and sustainable indicators so as to remedy the current shortcomings.
As Mr Cassini said, the term 'lobbyist' is somewhat unfortunate because it creates the impression of privilege or corruption or both, whereas in reality these are experts in their field who help to inform us of the intricacies and the nuances of the various pieces of legislation that we are proposing.
As Mr Daul rightly said, that is how to make the life of a Finance Minister easier - by indicating new own resources for the budget and reducing the direct contribution.
As Mr Reul said, we must, of course, encourage excellence.
As Mr Verhofstadt said, we need the support of the Commission to really move and change and have a new strategy and a new ambition in the long and the short term.
As Mrs Honeyball said, I believe it is one of the issues that has not been given the attention it deserves.
As Parliament has also come to have powers in relation to air agreements, it is important to ensure that it has access to information throughout the negotiation process.
As Parliament is now on an equal footing with the Council as regards recasting this regulation, there is a real and unique opportunity to reinforce Member States' accountability, and it should not be missed.
As Parliament, we would like to see an annual debate on the performance audit of the Commission and we would like you to be invited here to debate it with us as a representative of the European Court of Auditors.
As Socialist coordinator on human rights, I also want to congratulate the High Representative on her strategic review of human rights and on the commitment in her letter to foreign ministers to integrate human rights with trade development and other EU policies and to achieve 'specific deliverables'. In this Parliament, we called on her to create a human rights and democracy directorate and to consistently meet human rights defenders in all of her visits, and we thank her for doing so. When she says that ending the death penalty is her personal priority, this Parliament must also give her our strong support.
As Vice-Chair of the Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality, I feel compelled to underline how important it is that we all cooperate, including outside the EU, to eliminate gender discrimination and gender violence so as to restore the social dignity of women and revive their active contribution to the local and supranational economy alike.
As Vice-Chair of the working group on urban issues, I attach great importance to the impact that cohesion policy can have in our towns, especially in areas that are struggling. I voted in favour of this report, for in it my colleague Mr Vlasák promotes an important role for urban areas and comes up with a clever compromise between local, national and European responsibilities.
As a Bulgarian politician, I am following with particular interest the developments concerning the intermediate category of beneficiary regions, which is planned to be created in the new 2013-2020 budget framework.
As a Christian-Democrat, I am absolutely delighted that there is a reference to God and Christianity, because it is a fundamental part of our culture and our history and I think it is far better to have it included than excluded and creating a godless society.
As a Commissioner who is taking over a responsibility which he does not have, you should have said: 'Mrs Harms, honourable Members of the European Parliament, I have taken on a big task, but I have only made a small amount of progress'. You should have referred to the fact that there are major problems, that the stress tests are purely voluntary, that they are only being carried out on paper and that they are largely in the hands of the operators, which is where they always have been.
As a Member of Parliament representing a constituency very much affected by cross-border issues, and as someone who comes from the only region in France which shares a border with three other EU Member States, I take a great interest in these issues and in projects for cross-border cooperation.
As a consequence of the economic and financial crisis, Europe has been faced with a sharp fall in demand for commercial and passenger vehicles, thereby resulting in a considerable decline in motor vehicle production. A 23.8% drop in the assembly of motor vehicles and a 34.8% fall in the production of passenger vehicles were recorded in Belgium in 2009, compared with 2008.
As a country with such an exceptional status, however, it has promised, in the signing of mutual agreements as a partner of the EU, to uphold the principles of democracy, human rights and the rule of law, which are fundamental preconditions for such cooperation.
As a direct result, both SMEs and consumers tend to carry out transactions within the domestic market, which is often much less competitive, and therefore do not access the cross-border market, in which products are often at least 10% cheaper than the domestic offer.
As a doctor, I would also like to say that drug abuse can have extremely grave and irreversible consequences for human health. I therefore support effective international cooperation in the fight against the illegal trade in drugs or their precursors and, at the same time, I would like to mention the need for prevention.
As a doctor, I would like to emphasise, above all, the impact on human health.
As a friend, albeit critical friend, of Bulgaria, I wish to do all I can to assist progress in that country, but not at the expense of my own country's well-being. I therefore abstained in the vote.
As a group, we favour the amendment brought forward by another group requiring that the money spent on lobbying should also be listed in the transparency register; we intend supporting this amendment.
As a last-resort mechanism, and if the critical situation justifies it, these decisions could make provision for the temporary reintroduction of internal border controls, but always within a Community framework.
As a matter of priority, therefore, it should be extended to northern, eastern and south-eastern Europe.
As a member of the Basque Friendship Group 'Toward a peace process in the Basque Country', I was among those signing the declaration aimed at requesting the Spanish Government to reconsider its position and take all necessary measures to ensure that the elections held on 22 May respect basic democratic principles.
As a member of the Committee on Culture and Education, I support the 'Innovation Union' initiative. I would stress the role played by education, vocational training and social research (into the fight against poverty and social exclusion) within the framework of this initiative.
As a member of the Committee on Development, it is precisely this aspect that I would like to emphasise.
As a member of the Committee on Transport and Tourism, I am sure that the aviation industry is one of the sectors where cooperation on trade and research and development would have mutual benefits for both the European and Japanese economies. I believe that the aeronautics sector could become one of the models for cooperation between the EU and Japan.
As a member of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety and a committed environmental campaigner, I expected a Dess report which would represent a CAP for the carbon era - one based upon environmental incentives, resource management, and a strong investment in the wider environmental issues facing the EU. As such, I am impressed by the degree to which the Dess report has committed to greening CAP; to supporting small- and medium-sized food producers; and to looking towards the future while also addressing the current concerns which face European agriculture.
As a member of the Subcommittee on Security and Defence, I have followed this report closely.
As a permanent member of the UN Security Council, Russia exercises a potentially decisive influence on international affairs, from our relations with North Korea to its involvement in the UN quartet. I also welcome recent calls by President Medvedev for the Libyan tyrant, Muammar Gaddafi, to leave power. I also hope that the Kremlin will align itself with the rest of the international community on stopping Iranian nuclear proliferation.
As a representative of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe, I am also pleased to be able to point out that this has been brought about by Dutch members of the ALDE Group in particular.
As a representative of the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats), I took part in the work and negotiations on the Late Payments Directive, which is one of the key legislative proposals announced in the original version of the Small Business Act. I hope the Member States will take pains to implement its provisions as quickly as possible and correctly.
As a representative of the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats), I would like to pose a question to the President of the Commission, who has been busy dealing with the pictures that we have been seeing in recent weeks from the Mediterranean, where many people fleeing from the situation in Africa have made it to Europe, while some have also failed to make it. We have had to see the images of these stranded and dead people on the news.
As a result of measures that aim to internalise external costs, economic efficiency is likely to increase and negative environmental effects will decrease.
As a result of the adoption of the Treaty of Lisbon, Member States have unfortunately lost their prerogatives regarding the management of foreign direct investment, which has become the exclusive competence of the Union.
As a result of the deep economic and financial crisis that is affecting the industry and small and medium-sized enterprises, the price of a barrel of oil has increased, and its price is still uncertain because of the risk of political instability in the Arab world.
As a result of the digitisation of terrestrial television broadcasting, a large number of frequencies, referred to as digital dividends, are being made available.
As a result of the economic crisis, some Member States no longer have as many opportunities to provide support for the programme, and this is a challenge to the EU to identify accurately those who need support, and to grant support to them.
As a result of the global economic crisis and the instability that continues to plague the euro area, the Commission proposed a number of legislative initiatives, cumulatively known as the Economic Governance Package.
As a result of the prevalent and increasing economic competition in the world, conditions for workers are deteriorating further, with workers' pay being the main victim of cuts and the working age being extended, in an attempt to make profits.
As a result of the provision on revision the co-legislators can make informed decisions because the Commission will conduct an in-depth survey on further compulsory labelling requirements.
As a result of the tremendous efforts made by Croatia, the Commission and the Presidency with the essential support of this House - for which it deserves immense credit - the European Council will call for the conclusion of the accession negotiations with Croatia by the end of June 2011.
As a result of this piece of legislation, amongst other things, the market pretty much collapsed, as the number of animals killed fell from 217 000 in 2008 to 38 000 this year, while the price of fur also fell from USD 100 in 2006 to USD 15 in 2009.
As a result, European territory is divided and split by a great many administrative borders which define different political and legal systems.
As a result, I voted in favour of the review to the Small Business Act, which is a resolution that recognises the crucial role of SMEs in the European economy. I support a strategic framework that goes even further in the help granted to SMEs in times of recession, and this in many areas.
As a result, Parliament's work has become the focus of attention of a growing number of lobbyists, who act as an important source of information for Members. I therefore welcome the proposal to establish and maintain a common register in order to exercise scrutiny over the organisations and individuals who take part in the drafting and implementation of EU policies.
As a result, among other things, of the rise in imported fishery and aquaculture products on the European market, that sector is becoming increasingly fragile.
As a result, fresh plaice is sold at far below the cost price or withdrawn from the market and auctioned off.
As a result, it is the focus for the attention of an even larger number of lobbyists, who, moreover, play a key role in the open, pluralist dialogue on which a democratic system is based and act as an important source of information for Members in the performance of their duties It is, however, essential to establish mechanisms for recording and monitoring.
As a result, it is the focus of attention of an even larger number of lobbyists, who, moreover, play a key role in the open, pluralist dialogue on which a democratic system is based and act as an important source of information for Members in the context of the performance of their duties In the light of these developments, and against this constitutional background, Parliament and the Commission have agreed to establish and maintain a common register in order to keep a list of the names of, and exercise scrutiny over, the organisations and individuals who take part in the drafting and implementation of EU policies.
As a result, it is the focus of attention of an even larger number of lobbyists, who, moreover, play a key role in the open, pluralist dialogue on which a democratic system is based and act as an important source of information for Members in the context of the performance of their duties.
As a result, it is the focus of attention of an even larger number of lobbyists, who, moreover, play a key role in the open, pluralist dialogue on which a democratic system is based, and act as an important source of information for Members in the context of the performance of their duties In the light of these developments, and against this constitutional background, and in keeping with their commitment to transparency, Parliament and the Commission have agreed to establish and maintain a common register in order to keep a list of the names of, and exercise scrutiny over, the organisations and individuals taking part in the drafting and implementation of EU policies The register will be established and kept on the basis of the existing arrangements introduced by Parliament in 1996 and by the Commission in June 2008, as developed by the joint Parliament-Commission working party and on the basis of the experience gained and the suggestions made by the parties concerned The work towards transparency must continue.
As a result, it is the focus of attention of an even larger number of lobbyists, who, moreover, play a key role in the open, pluralist dialogue on which a democratic system is based, and act as an important source of information for Members in the context of the performance of their duties.
As a result, it is the focus of attention of an even larger number of lobbyists, who, moreover, play a key role in the open, pluralist dialogue, and act as an important source of information for Members in the context of the performance of their duties.
As a result, the European Commission has published a Green Paper on the subject and launched a broad public consultation. I voted for Parliament's present resolution for it takes a common sense approach by proposing an instrument that is concurrent with national legislation and would facilitate cross-border trade.
As a result, the European Parliament no longer has any influence over how macroeconomic imbalances are dealt with.
As a result, the national governments would be unable to adequately assert their own interests in international forums.
As a result, they would no longer be under the President of the Commission's instructions.
As a result, to a not inconsiderable degree, of the setbacks caused by the economic crisis, but also, and above all, as a result of structural deficiencies in many - almost all - Member States in other areas, the Member States of the EU have completely different prerequisites.
As a rule, agencies carry out external evaluations of their work programmes at regular intervals, and these take such performance indicators into account.
As a share of GDP, the EU invests less than the US and Japan in research and development, and venture capital investment is also lacking.
As a social democrat who emphasizes the fundamental of social rights of the people and the long-term well being of the society, I support this proposal for its depth and comprehensiveness in addressing these issues.
As a substitute member of the Committee on Transport and Tourism, I voted in favour of this report, but I would stress again that Parliament should take up its new responsibilities enshrined in the Treaty of Lisbon, and be kept informed at all stages of the process of negotiating international agreements.
As advocated by the rapporteur, I too urge the European Commission to continue applying pressure to approve these proposals, as the measures provided for in the agreement will only be truly effective at combating illegal, unreported and unregulated (IUU) fishing if and when they are applied in a comprehensive, uniform and transparent manner, in order to avoid loopholes that could be easily exploited by the IUU fishing operators.
As affirmed by the proposed amendments made by the Confederal Group of the European United Left - Nordic Green Left, the military interventions, supposedly undertaken in order to stabilise certain countries or regions, are on the wrong track.
As agreed, the Commission will report to Parliament and the Council every three years on the development of new modules and, if appropriate, the Commission may also put forward new legislative proposals for the new modules.
As already happens to some extent, Moscow can supply us with mineral and energy resources as well as collaborate on military security and the fight against terrorism and organised crime Europe can contribute with financial resources, scientific and technological capabilities and our long-standing experience in the field of democracy and human rights.
As an Italian Member of the European Parliament I welcome the candidature of Mario Draghi as President of the European Central Bank (ECB). I listened to his hearing at the European Parliament on 14 June.
As an elected representative from a port town, I strongly support my fellow Members in demanding that the Commission authorise an increase in the de minimis aid ceilings.
As an elected representative of a cross-border region, I paid particular attention to this issue, and I am pleased that we have called for reinforced cooperation for local authorities, which means both cooperation between authorities and cooperation with the European institutions.
As an example, as Mr Audy reminded us, we have already implemented three concrete simplification measures for FP7: more use of average personnel costs, easier procedures for owner-managers of SMEs, and a clearing committee to ensure a common interpretation of the rules.
As an integral part of the decision, a chronological list indicates, for every year until 2019, the two Member States which are entitled to hold the title.
As approved in the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, I confirm the importance of supporting the introduction of ceilings for direct payments awarded to large economic players. I think the introduction of a system of degressivity of aid as the size of a holding increases above a certain threshold is necessary to avoid overcompensating larger holdings that already enjoy major economies of scale.
As can already be seen from the examples of Greece, Portugal and Spain, it establishes a radical austerity policy which has consequences that are hard to predict for the future of the European project as a whole.
As can be seen from previous reports, in spite of substantial financial investment and very good logistics and management, European forces could not cope with simple police missions in Kosovo and Bosnia.
As entities that are dependent on the financial system and very much stakeholders in the ratings they issue, they make a living, above all, from disproportionately stimulating credit and capitalist financial speculation.
As far as I am aware, control over the executive is one of the fundamental tasks of MEPs.
As far as I am concerned, I believe that this agreement with a country with which we have a long-standing bond of friendship is important as long as it is entered into on the right basis, that of true reciprocity, and is a balanced and ambitious agreement.
As far as I am concerned, I think we should all familiarise ourselves a little more with the text of the European constitution, which did not actually materialise but which had the motto 'United in diversity', and try to be a little more tolerant of the fact that everyone is different.
As far as I am concerned, it provides a good example of what should happen.
As far as I am concerned, that reference is too vague and leaves too much room for subsequent court judgments contradicting it. It should be stipulated in the constitution, as is the norm in European countries, and as is the norm in the most advanced and progressive democracies.
As far as I am concerned, the European Parliament's operating budget is in keeping with the financial climate.
As far as I know, Mrs Jordan Cizelj wanted to say something about this.
As far as bioethanol is concerned, I would stress that important investments have been made in the EU in this new industry.
As far as cohesion policy is concerned, the message is clear. 'Yes' to a cohesion policy with sufficient financing to make a decisive contribution to development, to new jobs and to innovation. 'Yes' to an independent cohesion policy. 'Yes' to coordination at all policy making levels, from strategic planning through to implementation. 'Yes' to the creation of an intermediate category of support for the regions. 'Yes' to special measures for island and mountainous areas in Europe.
As far as corporate social responsibility is concerned, it is undoubtedly a good idea, and has been under discussion since the early 1970s.
As far as energy security is concerned, we are of the belief that the supply of natural resources should not be used as a means of applying political pressure, but must be based on the principles of interdependence and transparency, together with equal access to markets, infrastructure and investment, so as to establish a legally binding energy framework.
As far as environmental protection is concerned, I think that it is important for the European Union to refuse to import oil extracted from oil sands.
As far as excise duties are concerned, the harmonisation of structures must, in particular, result in competition in the different categories of manufactured tobacco belonging to the same group not being distorted by the effects of charging the tax and, consequently, in the opening of the Member States' national markets.
As far as free movement of persons is concerned, let me tell you that at the Justice and Home Affairs Council on 9 June the Hungarian Presidency unanimously adopted a conclusion stating that free movement has to be preserved, that we need to revise the measures already available to us, and only after we have exhausted them and only if new problems actually arise, requiring the adjustment of our current acquis, can we take extraordinary measures in extraordinary situations, and that the modalities should only be elaborated once there is a concrete legislative proposal at hand, which, as far as I know, will happen this autumn.
As far as national forest programmes (NFPs) are concerned, while I fully support their establishment, I would draw attention to their shortcomings. NFPs must become a reality and actually reach the forests so that they can be truly as effective as we intend for them to be.
As far as ordinary development cooperation is concerned, the European Commission has committed itself to spending 20% of the aid on primary and secondary education and on primary health care.
As far as other issues are concerned, please remember that I am not concerned with the question of whether nuclear power stations are being operated, planned, constructed or shut down.
As far as the 'six-pack' is concerned, there will be an in-depth debate on it soon in this House.
As far as the EU's role in multilateral security organisations is concerned, it has been said that the regulations which make it possible for the European Union to benefit from NATO funding should be streamlined.
As far as the EU-India Free Trade Agreement is concerned, I chose to vote for the resolution proposed by my political group as I felt that it is more balanced than the resolutions proposed by other political groups.
As far as the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) is concerned, the final declaration of the summit next week must be more than just fine words.
As far as the ceasefire is concerned, we have been calling for a ceasefire to allow safe access for humanitarian assistance and, of course, we very much support the UN in this regard. I can assure you that we are in constant contact with the UN and the UNHCR so that we can deploy assistance when a window of opportunity opens up, as we have now done on numerous occasions, for example in the case of Misrata.
As far as the cross-border area is concerned, we should finally get the European private company under way.
As far as the incentives for fleet renewal are concerned, we must also consider that we must not unilaterally burden our local carriers and fleet-owners with strict environmental and safety regulations, only for the low-cost competitors to come riding over the border in foul scrap vehicles.
As far as the radio spectrum is concerned, our policy must have realistic yet ambitious objectives so that European companies are able to compete in the world market on a sounder footing.
As far as the trade in goods is concerned, I would highlight the high average tariffs imposed by India on both agricultural and industrial goods.
As far as the various national lobby groups are concerned, it has been clearly stated that these will not be included in the register. I would like to thank all my fellow Members for their willingness to compromise on this matter.
As far as vocational education and training are concerned, Member States need to take into consideration the individual needs of low-skilled workers, migrant learners, people belonging to ethnic minorities, women, the unemployed and people with disabilities. I call on Member States to support innovative activities, as well as doctoral and post-doctoral programmes, which will underpin competitiveness and sustainable economic growth.
As far as vocational education and training are concerned, the key factors listed in the Europe 2020 strategy for smart, sustainable and inclusive growth need to be translated into practical steps at European Union level.
As far as we are concerned, it is in the interests of both consumers and businesses to ensure that any burden imposed on importers of goods from third countries serves to control and limit such goods.
As far as we are concerned, then, no stakeholder, whoever he or she may be, can claim to have a kind of pre-emptive right, a kind of vested right, over spectrum, and I believe that this is something that is established in this report.
As far back as 2005, the President of Azerbaijan, Ilham Aliyev, pledged that all the rights of journalists would be respected and that they would be able to count on help in the event of any kind of danger.
As for creating an intermediate category for regions whose GDP is between 75 and 90% of average European GDP, I am in agreement, provided a double condition is met.
As for introducing a system of own resources, I remain extremely hesitant about the unilateral introduction of a tax on financial transactions without a serious impact study.
As for my last point, I wanted to thank Mr Kármán very specifically on the small point of 'comply or explain'. I have asked you so many times during our discussions: what does that mean, 'comply or explain', and explain to whom? You have been a good lawyer; you have moved the Council along.
As for spreading European culture, well make the most of it, because the way this crazy EU is going, there will be none left, just a meaningless mantra: 'United in Diversity'. Do you not understand that Europe is not a single state but a wide and glorious tapestry of attractive, distinctive but matching cultural panels, and to amalgamate them is to reduce them all to a grey amorphous mass, thereby destroying that which you say you admire?
As for the Middle East, I am not exactly in agreement with you.
As for the cultural dimension, I would like to thank the Commissioner for the information that the European External Action Service is going to have ambassadors and cultural attachés in all the countries of the world. I would like to thank Mrs Sanchez-Schmid, because support for culture means, above all, support for the business connected with culture, but, in particular, it means support for the inner aspect of culture.
As for the future, I would like to remind the Commission of the commitments which it made in October 2010, mainly, to ban cloning techniques for producing food in the European Union.
As for the issue that you raised, Mr Gauzès, with regard to excessive dependence on ratings, we are going to get rid of a number of ratings very shortly, at the beginning of July.
As for the other question, there was a Health Council yesterday which dealt with the issue.
As for the priorities themselves, they are those imposed by the European Union: repaying private creditors, reassuring the markets, dismantling social security and accelerating liberalisation at every turn, in keeping with the EU 2020 strategy.
As for the question of genetically modified organisms, I would remind the House that the Union and Canada have signed a mutually acceptable solution to resolve this difference.
As for young farmers, support measures and incentives have been introduced to help and encourage them to set up farms.
As four years have passed since Regulation (EC) No 1905/2006 came into force, and as the Commission has already announced the tabling of proposals relating to the Multiannual Financial Framework for the post-2013 period, there is a need for a brief analysis of the results achieved since then and of future means of development.
As has already been mentioned by a few Members, my group is also strongly opposed to the Commission's approach of using the agreement to force the liberalisation of services by means of a 'negative list'. This turns on its head the approach that has been taken up to now where the contracting partners define the areas that they actively want to open.
As has already been said, our first demand is obviously the revision of this Euratom Treaty, which has remained virtually unchanged since it was first drawn up. Admittedly, the audit of the 143 nuclear reactors in Europe will, in the end, only relate to the 'Fukushima' scenario, and you have clearly set the limits for this, Commissioner.
As has already been said, this report, together with previous reports and the Commission's communication, seeks to demonstrate that Europe's aim is to have a common agricultural policy that guarantees food security in Europe and contributes to global food security.
As has been emphasised on several occasions today as well during the debate, I think that this issue requires further discussion because, at the moment, a precondition is being established for new divisions and exclusions in the treatment of individual regions, which goes against the European principle of solidarity.
As has been said many times, we are very close to achieving the goal, but at the same time it is important that we are successful in the voting today and in July. I would also like to thank Mr Kármán from the Hungarian Presidency, who has done a splendid job.
As has been said, domestic work is often undervalued, or seen as traditional women's work that 'anybody can do', but we have also made the point that a lot of it is actually quite skilled.
As has been said, the Managing Director must be someone who seeks consensus and is effective at a time when the institution has a vital role to play in helping to redress the economic and financial balance with a great sense of purpose.
As has rightly been mentioned here, fuel costs have a very acute impact on the survival of our small and medium-sized shipping companies, seriously exacerbating already fragile incomes from fishing, in particular.
As human rights are a key aspect of the agreement binding the EU and Pakistan, the autonomous trade preferences proposed must be dependent upon respect for human rights in this country.
As if that were not enough, the rivalries between the tribes and armed groups in South Sudan are also on the rise, and observers estimate that more than a thousand people have already lost their lives since January.
As in previous cases, the Court of Auditors has stated that its actions are legal and regular.
As in the past, we must now adopt temporary emergency measures to overcome the difficulties faced by the fisheries sector against the backdrop of rising oil prices.
As in the vote in committee, I advocated a Community vision and stated that agreements that were already standing should be closely examined by the Commission in order to check their compatibility with the Treaties and with Union law and Union policy, in particular the objectives of the Union's external action on sustainable development.
As innovation is a fundamental objective of regional policy, in future, Europe must adopt a strategic management approach, establishing appropriate policy instruments that will enable its evolution to be monitored and the necessary adjustments to be made.
As is known, after the unprecedented and devastating floods in Pakistan in July and August 2010, the European Council at its meeting on 16 September mandated Ministers to agree urgently a comprehensive package of short-, medium- and longer-term measures which will help underpin Pakistan's recovery and future development.
As is known, financial control of the execution of the Community budget takes place at three levels: internal control, within each institution; external control by the European Court of Auditors; and the discharge procedure of the European Parliament.
As is mentioned in the resolution, the European Parliament has received more than 400 petitions on the subject of widespread misleading trading practices by publishers of business directories which affect thousands of businesses, mostly small ones.
As it assumes the EU Presidency, Poland has already found roads to a more fruitful dialogue with Russia, so that we can expect concrete steps to be taken in EU-Russia relations in the coming six months.
As it is also my role to ask questions, I would like to ask my colleague the following: do you believe that the belttightening taking place in Portugal will allow you to achieve the kind of economic growth that will enable the loans to be repaid?
As it is located in a sensitive area in terms of illegal migration, Bulgaria should adopt additional measures to respond to a possible increase in migratory pressure at its borders.
As it is required to do each year, the European Parliament has been asked for a decision on whether the Union budget has been properly implemented by the various agencies and institutions who are responsible for it. The sums are allocated for specific purposes and the aim of the discharge procedure is to check in retrospect that these purposes have been adhered to. This is an important prerogative of Parliament, as illustrated for example by its influence on the resignation of the Santer Commission in 1999.
As long ago as 2002, Parliament called for reliable information to be collected on the state of the environment and the most important trends in, influences on, and causes of, environmental change, and for the public to be informed of these things.
As long as this obvious discrepancy exists, the effectiveness and rationale of this report will necessarily be limited.
As many of you have underlined, it is an essential building block in our comprehensive policy response to the current and still ongoing financial and sovereign crisis.
As many people have said, including the Commission, we need some form of clarification and simplification of what rules actually apply when it comes to the shipping of toxic waste to developing countries, so that it will be easier for the police and other border control officers to take measures to deal with the crimes against the environment that the export of hazardous waste actually entails.
As many people warned a year ago, the International Monetary Fund-European Union (IMF-EU) programme for Greece has not only caused economic disaster and social devastation, but it has proved incapable of fulfilling the very objectives that allegedly justified it: the deficit reduction targets have not been met, the country's public debt must be around 170% at the moment and the interest rates that the markets require on the public debt have soared.
As mentioned by the rapporteur, I would stress the need for the Commission and the Principality of Andorra to engage in further talks in order to take into account and if necessary to adapt bilateral agreements to the ongoing implementation of the Modernised Customs Code, which should be completed within the EU within two years.
As my colleague, Bas Eickhout, said before, freezing or decreasing the EU's budget post-2013 is not a credible approach if the EU and its Member States are serious about achieving the policy priorities they have set themselves, notably in the Europe 2020 strategy.
As my colleague, Danny Cohn-Bendit, asked you, who is the one - or who are the ones - who blocked it in the Council? Is it Mr Westerwelle or who? Tell us, and you will find support from us if you are transparent and open with us. I think that will get support for you.
As my colleague, Mrs Bélier, has said, although this report could have gone further with the ambitions and guidelines that it could have set, it does represent a first step and a strong signal sent out to the Council and the Commission for Europe to press ahead with an overhaul of the wealth and development indicators so as to make them more representative of the environmental and social realities and constraints with which we are confronted.
As my fellow Members have already said, at least three years have passed, three years during which these people, these hustlers, as they have rightly been called by numerous fellow Members - and I am with them - are misleading colleagues and are misleading small and medium-sized enterprises, which are the backbone of the European economy.
As my group's shadow Rapporteur I would like to congratulate Mrs Goulard on the adoption of her report and to thank her for the good co-operation between us throughout these difficult negotiations. I chose to abstain on this report and on the proposed amendment on fiscal convergence. I regret that despite the Rapporteur's best efforts the Council watered down or removed numerous intelligent proposals from the text, which made it impossible for me to endorse the report.
As noted by the rapporteur, we fully agree that the budget should be aimed at achieving the EU 2020 strategy, competitiveness and employment, but this major concern must not further distract us from the chronic underfunding of the Union's external action.
As nuclear energy will remain part of the Member States' energy mix in the future it is important that such a report is adopted successfully in the plenary session of this Parliament.
As part of a possible response strategy, we will be looking at a number of important elements: stepping up the EU presence in Juba by establishing an EU delegation; initiating comprehensive political dialogue; stabilising South Sudan and the joint border through specific measures and instruments - including the Common Security and Defence Policy and the Instrument for Stability - and increasing development assistance.
As part of our preparatory work, the Commission is exploring the idea of candidate countries joining the initiative after 2019. I would also inform you that a number of cities in other third countries have already shown an interest.
As part of the Innovation Union, a pilot European Innovation Partnership has been proposed with the aim of covering the whole of the innovation chain, from research and development onwards, in order to guarantee that adequate conditions are in place to bring the results of research and development successfully to the market.
As part of the legislative package aimed at reinforcing economic governance in the EU and the euro area, there has also been a vote on this draft opinion on the Commission's proposal amending the regulation on speeding up and clarifying the implementation of the excessive deficit procedure. I voted for this report because I essentially share the rapporteur's concerns, particularly as regards the following points: 1) the enforcement of budgetary surveillance should be subject to the overarching objectives of the EU; 2) in monitoring compliance with the rules on budgetary discipline, consideration should be given, not only to severe economic downturns, but also to social crises that may have an impact on the financial position of governments; 3) fines collected from Member States failing to comply with their respective recommendations should be used in support of the EU's long-term investment and job targets, and not distributed only to the Member States that are not subject to any procedure relating to excessive deficits, as the Commission proposed; 4) regular consultation of the social partners and a stronger involvement of national parliaments are necessary preconditions of a credible and transparent surveillance framework.
As part of the legislative package aimed at reinforcing the economic governance in the EU and the euro area, there has also been a vote on this draft opinion on the strengthening of the surveillance of budgetary positions and the surveillance and coordination of economic policies. I voted for this report because I essentially share the rapporteur's concerns, particularly as regards amendments pertaining to the following key issues: 1) the EU's framework for budgetary surveillance should be broadened so as to include employment and social aspects; 2) the guidelines for Member States' employment policies should be taken into account when they present their respective stability and convergence programmes, as well as during the examination of those programmes; 3) the multilateral surveillance of the stability and convergence programmes should be conducted as part of the European Semester; and 4) the stability and convergence programmes of the Member States should include information on the consistency of the Member States' budgetary objectives with the EU's growth and jobs strategy, such as the Europe 2020 strategy, and in particular with the Broad Economic Policy Guidelines and the Guidelines for the Employment Policies.
As part of the mechanism for cooperation in the area of nuclear safety, we are considering a project aimed at helping the most significantly affected population groups around the Chernobyl exclusion zone.
As part of the negotiations it is conducting, the European Commission must strive both to promote a more transparent regulatory policy, which will help European companies to understand fully the rules for conducting trade with Japanese partners, and to deregulate access to public procurement.
As part of the ongoing negotiations on the trade agreement between the EU and Canada, the Commission must undertake to comply with the European Parliament's demands.
As part of this endeavour, the European Union, in cooperation with the Member States, should seek to amend existing legislation, so as to cover domestic employees and, most importantly, to encourage cooperation between the Member States and exchanges of best practices.
As part of this process, a new form of cooperation between committees was developed and introduced by means of the new Rule 51. Some doubts were raised about the implementation of this new form of cooperation between committees, which were referred to the Committee on Constitutional Affairs.
As permanent rapporteur in the area of the legal basis of legislation in the European Parliament's Committee on Legal Affairs, I would like to draw attention to one aspect of the report in particular - the question of its legal basis.
As point eight of the discharge report concerning the European Council says, this progress is due to the positive attitude and efforts of the Hungarian Presidency.
As pointed out by the amendments tabled by our group, military intervention or any sort of military approach to conflict resolution, with the alleged aim of stabilising certain regions or countries, is the wrong track.
As politicians, we have a constant tendency, if we want to achieve something, to throw a new layer on top, additional regulation, an additional programme, an additional funding option.
As public sector jobs in the UK as a whole are becoming less certain, and more of my constituents are, I hope, going to be either setting up or working for small businesses, I fully support and endorse the ambitious targets for reducing the administrative burden on SMEs, and goals such as the SME test for all legislation.
As rapporteur for next year's discharge, I mean to continue cooperating closely with the Council to that end, but for the moment the deferral is still necessary.
As rapporteur for the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, I wish to highlight the important role that culture and creativity play in the European economy and in reaching the targets of the Europe 2020 strategy, for a society based on knowledge and innovation, as well as the potential new jobs they represent.
As rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on Development on this report, I am delighted that it has been adopted today by the plenary of the European Parliament.
As rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, I would like to thank my fellow Members in the Committee on International Trade for adopting the main points which we developed in our opinion. I want to highlight two of these points here.
As rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy for this report, I believe that achieving and sustaining quality of life involves important, interlinked factors such as health, education, culture, jobs, housing and environmental conditions. I therefore believe that the indicators measuring these factors are also important, and that more importance should be attached to them. I voted in favour because this report is a step, albeit a hesitant one, towards improving and complementing gross domestic product (GDP) as an instrument for the measurement and evaluation of social and economic performance, and, by association, of the progress of societies.
As rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety, I sought to uphold this idea by drawing attention to some of the main challenges we are facing in the following areas, to cite but a few examples: the scarcity and efficient use of resources, waste recovery and treatment, food quality and security, demographic change, new epidemics, and conservation of nature and biodiversity.
As rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety, I was given an opportunity to experience first-hand how the technical proposal became a highly political subject overnight, and therefore I would also like to thank all of my fellow Members who succeeded in maintaining an objective approach, even in the face of pressure following the disaster in Japan.
As rapporteur in previous years for the subject of better law making, I would like to highlight several aspects of this problem.
As regards Russia itself, the new paradigm is what is known as the Partnership for Modernisation.
As regards access to the services sector, unfortunately, there appears to be no clear commitment on the part of India at present.
As regards gender mainstreaming in line with United Nations Security Council Resolution 1325, and to make civilian and military missions more effective, I recommend that female personnel be involved as appropriate at every level of crisis management. I would stress the need for women to be included in senior-level decision-making positions, regular consultations with civil society, and that capacity to work on gender issues within missions be enhanced. I call for the establishment of adequate public complaint procedures in the context of common security and defence policy (CSDP) missions, and call on Lady Ashton to include a detailed report on women, peace and security in the six-monthly evaluation of CSDP missions. I believe this would enable the experience acquired to be turned to account from a political, strategic, technical, legal and operational point of view and, in the long term, could provide a starting point for improving interventions under way and for criteria to be applied to emerging crises so as to make for the best possible balance between strategic interests and available resources.
As regards immigration, I have heard Italy criticised for not wanting to accept any refugees. A few hours ago, however, Mrs Malmström issued a public statement saying that when the tragedy of the Libyan exodus began everyone undertook to receive at least 800 refugees per country.
As regards information, we are supplying continuous information as we receive it. In this respect, we at the Commission agree that coordinated and rapid communication is an essential element of risk management.
As regards interest rates, a contribution is required from the banks, which made huge profits by purchasing debts at 16% and then doubled their capital when they dropped to 8%. I also propose an investigation into financial transactions involving sovereign debt, which the European Securities and Markets Authority could be entrusted with carrying out.
As regards manufactured tobacco, the achievement of this aim presupposes that the application in the Member States of taxes affecting the consumption of products in this sector does not distort conditions of competition and does not impede their free movement within the European Union.
As regards misleading practices in business directories, which are common and have a disastrous effect on businesses, I consider it a good sign that the relevant legislation is being overhauled so as to put an end to the misleading practices used by publishers of business directories, namely through the creation of a blacklist of misleading practices used by business directories.
As regards national declarations, which has also been raised several times, I propose that we should solve this in the debate on the Financial Regulation. I know there are proposals concerning this.
As regards our emerging strategic partners around the globe, we have witnessed recently how culture can become an integral part of our external relations. I am more committed than ever to advancing further this very important dimension of our European agenda for culture.
As regards provisions that would oblige Pakistan to abstain from maintaining, introducing or increasing duties or charges having equivalent effect, or any other restriction on the export or import of certain products, I believe that such conditions would seriously undermine the granting of the preferences and are contrary to the spirit, the nature and the purpose of our regulation.
As regards public services, the Commission's chosen 'negative list' approach is dangerous.
As regards the 2012 budget, I would like to point out that the draft budget that was adopted by the Commission on 20 April is in line with the European Council conclusions of 24 and 25 March, which state that fiscal consolidation efforts must be complemented by growth-enhancing structural reforms.
As regards the European semester, we are committed to successfully concluding this on time.
As regards the Manders recommendation on textile names and related labelling of textile products, I voted in favour of the compromise proposal by the political groups because I am in favour of a compulsory system of labelling of the country of origin of third-country textile products. I also consider that this may promote fair competition in the EU and on the international stage.
As regards the Nuclear Waste Directive, I would say that we will have more opportunities than you have mentioned in your speech to discuss it next time, and I hope that the European Commission will take into account the proposals of the European Parliament because, in the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy, we have voted for several stronger proposals than were originally proposed by the European Commission?.
As regards the Stability and Growth Pact, we cannot accept an instrument whose only outcome is and will remain austerity, austerity and more austerity, in other words which will result in making only the most vulnerable in our societies pay for the economic crisis.
As regards the actual catches, they should be limited to surpluses and to those stocks that cannot be caught by Mauritania's fishing fleet, so that the environmental equilibrium can be maintained and the activity can remain sustainable over the years.
As regards the comparability of vocational education and training systems in Member States, the priorities must be to break down barriers, increase transparency and facilitate comparison within and between the different systems.
As regards the concerns raised in the report about increasing migration pressure in the sensitive area of Bulgaria, Turkey and Greece, these are today's challenges for the European Union and the Member States, which need to find global, pan-European solutions to effectively strengthen their external borders, to strengthen Frontex, to demonstrate due Community solidarity and to support the Member States in the south of Europe where immigrants land.
As regards the current discharge procedure, with respect, in particular, to the other institutions, which is my field, I should like to express my agreement with the steps that have been taken since last year's Spanish Presidency decided, when applying the Treaty of Lisbon, that it was time to bring the necessary transparency and control of the Council's accounts up-to-date too.
As regards the impact of the agreement on oil sands drilling, the agreement must not have the effect of weakening European legislation on the application of the Fuel Quality Directive, nor must it limit the possibility for Canada to regulate drilling of its oil sands in the future under its environmental remit.
As regards the issue of human rights, women's rights and political pluralism, polygamy still exists, even in the South.
As regards the objectives of the CAP in the context of the Europe 2020 strategy, the CAP can contribute to the growth of a sustainable economy by responding well to new challenges and taking account of the diversity and richness of agriculture and the specific characteristics of the 27 Member States.
As regards the oil sands issues and your concerns in relation to this negotiation, for the Fuels Quality Directive to fall within the scope of CETA's regulatory cooperation provisions, both parties would need to agree. CETA's regulatory cooperation provisions would not impose any obligation to hold such discussions.
As regards the press reports stating that Mr Barroso, the President of the Commission, wants to take an axe to rural development, I would state quite clearly that if the Commission cuts the programmes for rural development then it will be cutting off the lifeblood of rural areas.
As regards the problem of development and humanitarian action, it is true that so much still remains to be done in South Sudan and that we must continue to develop the North and, most importantly, not to isolate it. So much is still to be done because the country has lived purely off oil.
As regards the specific situation in Croatia, it is a transit route through which illicit drugs are smuggled on their way from the producer countries to consumer countries.
As regards the use of antimicrobials as growth promoters in animal feed, I would draw attention to the fact that this endangers the health, not only of the animals, which become resistant to the antibiotics, but also of people, as products of animal origin enter the food chain, thereby affecting humans.
As regards this last aspect, I would remind you that geographical indications are not just a trade policy matter; they are also part of Europe's identity.
As regards, on the other hand, the stability and convergence programmes of the Member States, these should include information on the consistency of the Member States' budgetary objectives with the EU's growth and jobs strategy, and the Employment Committee and the Social Protection Committee should be consulted during every surveillance procedure.
As required each year, the European Parliament has delivered its opinion on whether or not the Union budget has been properly implemented by the various agencies and institutions who are responsible for it. The allocated sums are earmarked for specific purposes, and the aim of the discharge procedure is to check in retrospect that these purposes have been adhered to. This is an important prerogative of Parliament, as illustrated for example by its influence on the resignation of the Santer Commission in 1999.
As several speakers have said, tomorrow's vote is a very important one, and I believe that it will go well. I hope that, at the end of this week and through the following week, the European Council will be able to have a serious discussion about what we can do to reach an agreement.
As shadow rapporteur for the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats), I am very satisfied with the final document.
As shadow rapporteur for the Hirsch report on European cooperation in vocational education and training, I would like to explain why I voted in favour of adopting this report.
As shadow rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety, and as I have therefore followed this subject particularly closely, I feel I must congratulate Mrs Jordan Cizelj on the invaluable work she has done.
As shadow rapporteur for this measure for the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists & Democrats in the European Parliament, I am pleased to see that the rapporteur, Mrs Sanchez-Schmid, has welcomed our amendments.
As shadow rapporteur on this dossier, I voted resolutely in favour of this resolution and this agreement to allow Croatia to participate in the work of the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction, as well as in the European Information Network on Drugs and Drug Addiction (REITOX). I therefore fully support Croatia's participation so that it can play an active part in combating this problem, the scale and devastating effects of which are dangerously on the increase in Europe.
As shadow rapporteur, I have tabled an amendment on behalf of the Confederal Group of the European United Left - Nordic Green Left concerning origin labelling, mandatory labelling of animal products and ethical and environmental labelling.
As some countries are affected by storage sites of this kind which are close to their borders, it is important for us to establish certain principles and for the Commission to propose some fundamental regulations, so that public participation is taken seriously and is based on common principles.
As some of my fellow Members have pointed out, if these points were to be clarified, the Commission would be well advised to consult the European Parliament when issuing a mandate.
As someone who represents a very cross-border constituency and who hails from the only region in France to share a border with three other EU Member States, I am very sensitive to these problems and this directive represents a major step forward.
As someone who, for many years, worked as a journalist and has a thorough knowledge of the job, this matter is of particular importance to me. In Azerbaijan, journalists are constantly hindered from fulfilling their basic role - the reliable and credible provision of information.
As something essential to social development and combating poverty, early years learning should be founded on the guarantee of a pre-school network that is public, free, high quality and accessible to all.
As stated by the rapporteur, Mr Manders, the Commission will also evaluate the link between allergies and chemicals used in textile products.
As stated in the resolution, even though Europe must continue giving priority to the international trading system, that is, the Doha Development Round negotiations, the current negotiations with Canada can usefully complement this international approach with a bilateral approach, which is equally necessary.
As stated on a number of occasions, since 2006 the EGF has provided practical support to European workers made redundant either for reasons associated with the relocation of their companies or, following the 2009 amendment, on account of the economic crisis, in order to facilitate their reintegration into the labour market.
As stressed in the report, the EU is Canada's second most important trade partner.
As such, I believe in the power that certain cultural initiatives can have on relations within the Union, as well as diplomatic relations with third countries.
As such, I call on all those involved in the trialogues to properly weigh up the need to protect legitimate expectations and the correct application of the Treaty of Lisbon, paying particular attention to the articles relating to the re-examination and withdrawal of authorisation.
As such, I consider it essential to apply measures to reduce early school drop-out rates, to increase the number of graduates, and to make education and professional training more attractive.
As such, I voted for this joint motion for a resolution, adopted by a broad majority in the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, as it is a very balanced text whose proposals not only protect human health and defend animal welfare, but also ensure companies' viability.
As such, I voted for this report, as I believe it is important for the European Union to implement a systematic approach in order to measure social welfare in all its aspects, giving particular emphasis to economic and environmental factors, and to improving quality of life in the medium and long term. I believe that the aforementioned indicators will take on a strategic importance in the definition of future cohesion policy, thereby contributing to smart, sustainable and inclusive growth, in line with the principles enshrined in the Europe 2020 strategy.
As such, I welcome the adoption of the draft agreement on the creation of a 'transparency register', and I am certain that it will constitute a significant step forward in the European institutions' transparency and will contribute to consolidating the European project among the public.
As such, I welcome the conclusions of the Commission's review, and I am very pleased to see the new proposals aiming to improve access to finance and markets, and to move forward with the process of cutting red tape.
As such, a realistic foreign policy assessment becomes crucial, including more muscular intervention by EU forces, rather than leaving military intervention solely in the hands of France and the United Kingdom.
As such, an agreement is being concluded between Greece, Albania and the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, which share this natural space, so as to establish cooperation on managing the waters of these lakes to prevent, control and reduce their pollution; to protect and conserve the area's biodiversity and protect its soil from erosion; to promote the sensible use of natural resources and sustainable development; to prevent the introduction of alien animal and plant species; and to regulate human activities with a negative impact on the area. I am convinced of the need to increase cooperation between the involved parties, always on the basis of respect for the principle of equality, of territorial integrity and of mutual benefit, so as to protect this area of exceptional value. I am therefore voting for this agreement.
As such, and following Parliament's adoption of various resolutions reinforcing this idea, in this own-initiative report, the rapporteur asks the Commission to introduce two instruments - a European Order for the Preservation of Assets (EOPA) and a European Order for the Disclosure of Assets (EODA) - to be implemented in national law and to concern only cross-border cases.
As such, and given the special place that Sarajevo occupies in European history and culture, I believe awarding it the title of European Capital of Culture 2014 would be justified, even for its symbolic value.
As such, and since the recent rise in oil prices has affected the economic viability of the sector, it is important to adopt emergency measures that will enable European fishers to overcome their difficult economic situation.
As such, any recommendations in the report which concern simplification but do not require the financial regulations to be revised should still be included in the Seventh Framework Programme. I would like to congratulate the Commission on the measures which have already been implemented.
As such, effective measures to combat insecure jobs, falsified invoices, undeclared work and illegal work urgently need to be taken.
As such, instead of proposing a pact for progress and social development founded on solidarity and on genuine policies of economic and social cohesion, as we have been advocating, it calls for a deepening of the Stability and Growth Pact and, now, the Euro-Plus Pact.
As such, instead of proposing a pact for progress and social development founded on solidarity and on genuine policies of economic and social cohesion, it calls for a deepening of the Stability and Growth Pact and the Euro-Plus Pact.
As such, it is a good opportunity for us to improve the already existing agreement.
As such, it is essential to continue offering them conditions to be able to develop and become secure in the market, by guaranteeing them access to finance and to the potential benefits of the Single Market.
As such, it is important that the EU use the fisheries agreements it establishes to ensure best practices are followed in other countries, fully respecting the key principles of the common fisheries policy (CFP).
As such, it is necessary to strengthen trade relations between the EU and Japan by focusing on the removal of non-tariff barriers to trade and investment, including numerous restrictive rules and regulatory measures for EU companies in accessing the Japanese market.
As such, it is not surprising that it is proposed that this system should also help establish the Single European Sky, for instance; we would like to distance ourselves from this aspect of the report.
As such, it needs to increase its role in all the multilateral organisations and, in particular, the United Nations (UN), where its role must be increasingly active following the launch of the European External Action Service (EEAS). Given that global partnerships are instrumental in achieving jointly identified global goals; that the EU is the world's largest provider of development aid and a major partner of the UN in its efforts across all three pillars of its work, including in crisis and post-crisis situations; and that Member States' contribution amounts to 38% of the UN's regular budget, we believe a solid and stable EU-UN partnership is fundamental to the work of the UN and key to the EU's role as a global player.
As such, it needs to strengthen its role in all multilateral organisations, in particular, the United Nations (UN), where its role must be increasingly active now that the European External Action Service (EEAS) is operational.
As such, its aim is to create a full picture of when, where, how and on which animals the antimicrobials are actually used today, without creating additional financial or administrative burdens for farmers or other animal owners, taking into account the fact that farming practice and intensity is different from one Member State to another.
As such, the MFF needs to have the financial backing to match the ambition and commitment of the Europe 2020 strategy.
As such, the mid-term review of the current framework programme is crucial so that throughout the second half of its existence, it can contribute effectively to the European economy's recovery.
As such, there is a need to find solutions enabling us to prevent legal uncertainty during the transitional period, but without risking the objectives guiding Union action.
As such, there is a need to strengthen and review the current systems, which have been shown to be inadequate, with particular emphasis on mechanisms of control and supervision.
As such, there is a need to strike a balance between these institutions' freedom to conduct their business, in what is an essentially private matter, and the economic impact that another crisis in the financial system could have on the real economy, and for the lives of everyone as members of a community.
As such, we are able to consider it acceptable to take into account other indicators that might complement these shortcomings so as to make social progress measures as complete, credible and close to reality as possible.
As such, we should promote the areas that contribute most to competitiveness, like research, innovation and energy.
As such, we would like to reiterate our opposition to it, with the arguments to back this up: we are talking about the defence, through various means including soldiers and diplomats, of the European powers' economic and geostrategic interests, in collaboration with the United States and the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO). We must remember the track record of these institutions and their tragic consequences: Iraq, Afghanistan, the Balkans and Libya, and other countries that are also on the list.
As such, while they do not replace the decision of whether or not to adopt a given solution, they can be decisive in shaping the choice of a given political solution.
As the Americans say, we must put our money where our mouth is and not make commitments which we then fail to fulfil.
As the Commissioner said, I think there are no differences between us so great that we cannot overcome them. I am appealing for unity, therefore.
As the Conservative-led government in the United Kingdom has shelved legislation on transparency introduced by the previous Labour Government, I welcome the inclusion of my proposal to introduce such a requirement at the EU level.
As the Court of Auditors has obtained reasonable assurances that the annual accounts for the financial year 2009 are reliable and that the underlying transactions are legal and regular, and as a delegation from the Committee on Fisheries visited the CFCA in June 2010 and was very satisfied with the general state of its affairs, particularly the execution of the Joint Deployment Plans, I believe Parliament should adopt this report.
As the EU is an undemocratic institution itself, and one that I strongly believe should not have a foreign policy agenda, I cannot endorse any third country activity by it. The UK is one of the world's largest donors of foreign aid.
As the European Union is a major player in international fisheries and one of the main global markets for fishery products, the rapporteur proposes that Parliament gives its consent to the conclusion of the Agreement and firmly supports and encourages the European Commission to continue to push for the adoption of these proposals. I voted 'in favour'.
As the European Union is one of the main representatives of international fisheries and one of the main global markets for fishery products, it is suitable and appropriate to promote the adoption of such proposals by the European institutions, too.
As the French winner of the Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences, Maurice Allais, pointed out, free trade is only mutually beneficial if it is between countries with comparable levels of development, and further to that, I would add, if it is in targeted areas with the strategic sectors of each country remaining protected.
As the Human Rights Consultations advising President Medvedev have called for an essential renovation of the national house from basement to roof, our Parliament is coming not with empty appeasement but with constructive provision of cooperation.
As the Internet is a global meeting place, the EU should develop specific policies to promote European culture.
As the Treaty of Lisbon has increased the range of Parliament's powers with respect to the conclusion of international agreements, it is necessary, in the process of redefining its status, to offer new forms of legal framework for its action.
As the Vice-Chair of the Delegation to the ACP-EU Joint Parliamentary Assembly, I believe we also need to establish a common strategy with the ACP countries for the fight against illegal imports of toxic waste to these countries, and in particular action plans for introducing a system for the safe management of waste in African countries, including support for recycling technology.
As the city, which wishes to turn its back on the past and looks forward enthusiastically to its future in Europe, will be marking several important anniversaries in 2014, I should like to see Sarajevo designated as the European Capital of Culture for that year.
As the current directive on misleading practices has turned out to be insufficient, I voted in favour of this resolution calling on the European Commission to speed up the revision of this directive so that such misleading practices can no longer take place.
As the elected representative of a port town, it is all the more incumbent on me to call on the Commission to authorise an increase in the ceiling of the de minimis aid.
As the expansion of renewable energies does indeed represent one of the focal points of the Europe 2020 strategy, I assume that, in the forthcoming period, there will definitively be a higher budget for this area, including from the regional policy heading.
As the final text is still being negotiated with the Council, the European Parliament's report proposes to identify issues such as the origin marking of textile products imported to the EU, according to which it would be compulsory for the label to indicate not only the manufacturer of the end product, but the country of origin of the imported textile products used to manufacture it, as is already done in Canada, the US, China and Japan.
As the joint motion for a resolution quite rightly says, both sides need to present concrete plans on the setting-up and/or reform of their institutions so that the two States are completely independent, to cease hostilities, and to promote democratic governance in order to establish long-term peace and security in the area.
As the largest market for such products, the European Union should therefore support measures aimed at preventing violations of fisheries legislation.
As the leader of my team said to me, it is the first time that they have ever discussed a constitution - words and arguments they have never known before.
As the past year has shown, the so-called Stability and Growth Pact, which was intended to provide an effective deterrent against violations of the macroeconomic principles of the euro area by the Member States, has not been terribly effective, to put it mildly.
As the primary role of the IMF is to work on conditional structural reform packages to accompany the distribution of funds to members when they are in dire straits, I believe that Ms Lagarde has shown that she is well able to broker complex agreements on controversial issues, successfully bringing together disparate parties to reach a beneficial solution.
As the protocol to the current Fisheries Partnership Agreement will expire in the future, the Commission's intention to open renewal negotiations with the other party is logical.
As the purpose of these trade preferences is to try to support Pakistan's recovery and future development, we believe that they should be offensive and far-reaching without safeguard measures for the EU, particularly as they are to be for a limited time only.
As the rapporteur - who subscribes to this - points out, 'labour standards should not be used for protectionist trade purposes' according to the international bodies! So then, what principles, what values, what considerations could ever challenge the absolute power of the market? You talk a lot about the social responsibility of companies who, after all, are only playing by the rules that you have put in place.
As the rapporteur clearly states, the intention of creating a full Open Aviation Area between these two countries, an issue with which we have raised significant concerns, does not fall within the scope of this Agreement, but should be the subject of a separate recommendation.
As the rapporteur for the future of structural policy, I would also say that European cohesion policy should also be included here.
As the rapporteur mentioned it, we would also stress the need to study and assess the best ways to increase destination countries' capacities for absorbing EDF aid, which immediately means the profound involvement of both governments and peoples in outlining and implementing programmes, and in setting priorities.
As the rapporteur quite rightly points out, the accession of Bulgaria to the Schengen Agreement should be followed by a special plan to combat illegal immigration.
As the rapporteur writes, European Union assistance is essential if the Member States are to be in a position to meet future challenges.
As the report argues, our ultimate goal is to improve the information available to prospective students and others on various aspects of institutions' activities and performance.
As the report explains, the EU enjoys a good worldwide reputation in terms of the ideal link between economic dynamism and a social model, which also gives rise to a certain responsibility.
As the report shows, the low levels of success achieved to date, lack of coordination with regard to shared objectives (World Health Organisation), and lack of clear indications as to how such objectives should be achieved make it necessary, in my view as well, to introduce a new financing instrument for development cooperation.
As the second largest trading partner, the EU is clearly intended to be established as a counterbalance to the US market and, conversely, as far as Europe is concerned, Canada represents a gateway to the NAFTA economic area.
As the shadow rapporteur for my group in the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, the social situation and the conditions in which creative artists in Europe live are particularly important.
As the shadow rapporteur for the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats), I believe that we must include regional and local authorities in the preparation and implementation of partnerships, and move towards a thematic concentration of priorities and financial resources to be allocated in the future.
As the various other possible modules are at different stages of methodological maturity, including, for instance, timber and fish as well as unused extraction, a modular structure has been adopted for the regulation with a view to possibly introducing new modules as annexes to the core text in the future.
As these are exceptional preferences that are not compatible with the positive or negative non-discrimination rule of the World Trade Organisation (WTO), it is necessary to obtain a WTO waiver before awarding these trade preferences.
As they both said, research and innovation is important for the future of the European economy. I certainly know that there are many universities in Wales, for example, which will take advantage of European funding.
As this motion for a resolution clearly meets these requirements, I have voted in favour of it. Now it is important for the parties to the Comprehensive Peace Agreement to engage in a continued and constructive dialogue to address the issues which remain unresolved after the referendum.
As this report fails to offer any reversal of the trend, I decided to abstain.
As this resolution today illustrates in graphic detail, Lukashenko has intensified his campaign for persecution and harassment against those who dare challenge his iron-fisted rule.
As to the Dublin Regulation and the Eurodac Regulation, important progress has been made at technical level.
As transatlantic relations are primarily based on a set of common values, I hope that the American authorities will be more receptive to the EU's commitment to dropping the death penalty worldwide.
As usual, on the pretext of sorting out problems that you have caused yourselves, you are imposing on us more Europe and more Commission power: this Commission that is little more than a handful of civil servants appointed with no democratic oversight, but that has been set up as a censor and slave-driver that will have the right to impose sanctions on Member States.
As usual, the interests of the large economic and financial groups in Europe are at the fore in this resolution.
As usual, the law-abiding will bear the brunt of the red tape, and wrongdoers will just find a way of carrying on. While taxpayers' money sloshes around Brussels in the quantities that it does, there will always be unscrupulous lobbyists, just as where there is carrion, there are always vultures.
As was mentioned this morning, the Human Rights Commissioner of the Council of Europe, whom I very much admire, Mr Thomas Hammarberg, explained to us that this is not a closed story, that it is still going on, and that he would very much wish for Parliament to cooperate with the Council of Europe on this important issue.
As we all know, it is the nuclear lobby that has succeeded in recent years in promoting nuclear power as a climate-friendly alternative.
As we all know, nobody is perfect in this world, but it is in accordance with Europe's political standards and norms, and also in accordance with the logic and values of democracy, that we expect the Ukrainian authorities not to abuse their power by encouraging and holding politically motivated trials, and instead to give those who are suspects a fair trial, rather than political retribution.
As we all know, the economy of Seychelles relies essentially on tourism and fisheries; in fact, the fishing industry accounts for 15% of its GDP and employs 17% of the working population. I believe that the negotiations conducted by the European Commission, which permitted the extension of the protocol to the Partnership Agreement, have produced the draft of a document which is mutually advantageous in that it strengthens the level of cooperation between the EU and Seychelles, and promotes a partnership in which to develop a sustainable fisheries policy in Seychelles and responsible exploitation of fishery resources in the Seychelles' fishing zone.
As we approach a new stage of EU enlargement, the MFF must provide for properly balanced expenditure.
As we are all aware, in the case of Portugal, it is extremely important to put the economy on a higher growth path in the medium term and to strengthen competitiveness.
As we come into the autumn, we need a serious examination, and we have put down some 60 questions to the Commission on this matter, with the aim of identifying where we are getting poor implementation.
As we continue to cooperate with the affected countries, my greatest wish is that we should establish workshops for future technology there, and provide advice on how to save energy and develop alternative energy sources.
As we emphasise in the opinion of the Committee on International Trade, the overarching objective of the 'Innovation Union' must be long-term development and competitiveness based on technology, knowledge and the development of education.
As we feared, the tight vote against us in the Committee on International Trade on the crucial Article 5 (review of Member States' existing bilateral investment treaties (BITs)) and Article 6 (the possibility of withdrawing authorisation for a BIT) of Carl Schlyter's report on 'Transitional arrangements for bilateral investment agreements between Member States and third countries' has been confirmed by the vote in plenary.
As we have already said more than once, the tragedy Pakistan has suffered requires European solidarity.
As we have heard, the UK nuclear inspector, Dr Mike Weightman, published his interim report even before the stress tests had been agreed.
As we have said regarding the application of a global European satellite navigation system for transport, the use of this technology could represent an important contribution to the development, modernisation and diversification of public services, in the creation of opportunities for cooperation, and progress in science and its applications, and in the exchange and accessibility of information, with the guarantee of respect for the public's rights, freedoms and guarantees.
As we have seen in practice, and as various speakers have pointed out, last year's stress tests did not achieve their objective of highlighting which banks enjoy the necessary confidence of their consumers, their creditors and the national regulatory authorities.
As we have storage facilities which are close to borders, we cannot simply say that this is where the border is and the issue has nothing to do with the other citizens.
As we know, although displaced inhabitants always leave very quickly, their return takes time and is all too often a source of considerable humanitarian and social problems. I therefore propose that the European Union should organise a monitoring mission as quickly as possible, along the lines of the work we did in the Balkans.
As we know, every debate on discharge has its own particular context, and the context of today's debate is the economic and financial crisis, which has caused financial and budgetary problems for a number of Member States.
As we know, financial control on implementing the European Union budget takes place on three levels: internal control, within each institution; external control, carried out by the European Court of Auditors; and a discharge procedure carried out by the European Parliament.
As we know, since the Treaty of Lisbon, Parliament has had the right to be informed on all stages of negotiation for international agreements.
As we know, the devil is in the detail, so we would like to know the following, Commissioner: what are the specific subjects of the negotiations when it comes to public invitations to tender in the services sector or in connection with labour migration? What text is on the table with regard to intellectual property rights? What is the situation with regard to the environment and agriculture? By using the specific texts, we want to examine whether the role of India as the pharmacy to the world's poor is put at risk or whether the production of cheaper malaria medicines or medicines for the treatment of AIDS will be obstructed by the agreement, without ignoring the massive research investments also made by our own pharmaceutical companies.
As we know, this report on the exceptional trade preferences conceded to Pakistan originated with a European Council decision, which mandated the Commission to make a proposal to Parliament and to the Council.
As we remember from the post-election protests in December last year, Lukashenko is intolerant of dissent and seems to take pleasure in using violence and intimidation against pro-democracy activists.
As we said during the debate, another issue that was not tackled sufficiently was the risk - very clear from the results of the European Innovation Panel of 2009 - of an 'innovation divide' between the countries and regions that innovate most and the rest.
As we see it, there is room for improvement in other areas that this Parliament considers important - such as road safety.
As we speak, the G20 in Paris is beginning discussions on regulating the global commodities markets, with particular reference to agricultural commodities.
As we well know, the main result of research is knowledge, followed by the opportunity to enhance that result in the economic sector, or indeed the industrial sector. A clear distinction must be made, then, between the manipulation and the enhancement of fundamental research.
As we work on formulating a proper European investment policy therefore, I felt it would be beneficial to vote in favour of obliging Member States to make provision, when renegotiating bilateral treaties or negotiating new treaties, for a dispute settlement mechanism in which the Commission would be allowed to participate, even in a purely advisory capacity, and for confidentiality requirements to be lifted in order to allow the EU's executive body to take part in such a capacity.
As well as an increase in competition, these measures include greater and judicious use of internal credit ratings, particularly by large financial institutions that are capable of performing their own risk assessments.
As well as any tax measures that could be adopted at Member State level, EU-level solutions are needed so as not to exacerbate the inequalities that already exist today between Member States and which are increasing because of the serious social and economic crisis, which is hitting the most vulnerable economies particularly hard.
As well as early years education, it targets, firstly, the reduction of school drop-out rates and, secondly, increasing the number of graduates.
As well as extending the concept to several areas and incorporating this CSA dimension into our trade polices, why not one day make it binding? Over and above political signalling, this would be a real step forward in achieving our social policy objectives.
As well as social standards, corporate social responsibility should contribute to sustainable growth, but companies should not avoid dialogue with employees and they must respect and promote decent employment relations, encourage employee participation through consultation and information and through collective bargaining, develop vocational skills and lifelong learning, comply with work safety standards, promote equality of men and women, create a proper environment for social partners to anticipate and manage changes that have taken place in the labour market, including restructuring, improve the quality of work, and integrate and protect vulnerable groups of workers, such as young people, the elderly, disabled people and migrants.
As well as that infamous underfunding there is a deadlock of funds for countries that could benefit from the Industrialised Countries Instrument (ICI+) but - and I shall finish now, Mr President - are unable to do so because there is no solution to the problem of the legal basis for this instrument.
As well as this, there is a clear link between a poor and disadvantaged background and low educational achievement.
As with Mr Lyon's report one year ago and Mr Garriga Polledo's report on the financial perspectives last month, tomorrow we will be voting in favour of maintaining the agricultural budget for the 2014-2020 programming period. I am sure that it will be a close-run thing, but we do need to take a stand and to make choices, because we will not have the money to do everything ...
As with other cases, there remain concerns about the effectiveness of the development cooperation objectives...
As yet there are no test criteria, even though judgments have already been made - judgments that the stress tests are too soft, disappointing or inadequate.
As yet, the Canadian Government believes this directive discriminates between Canadian oil imports and oil imports from other countries. I consider the agreement to be too early.
As you all know, however, I was very critical of the original Commission initiative, and I would therefore like to emphasise several points which we have managed to include in this report.
As you all know, the EU headline targets under Europe 2020 include increasing the employment rate to 75%, lifting at least 20 million people out of poverty and social exclusion, reducing the proportion of early school-leavers to under 10%, and ensuring that at least 40% of the younger generation will have completed a tertiary degree by 2020.
As you all know, the negotiations with the Council in the following months called for flexibility from all sides to identify workable solutions for the institutions.
As you are aware, the agencies' functioning and governance are currently being discussed within the interinstitutional working group involving the Commission, Parliament and the Council, on the basis, inter alia, of a multi-agency evaluation carried out for the Commission in 2009.
As you frequently remind us, common foreign policy must fulfil the global objectives of the European Union which are defined, in particular, in Article 3 of the Treaty, and where the elimination of poverty features prominently.
As you know, 1 May 2011 was an important date for the EU. It marked the end of restrictions on the right to work of citizens from the eight Member States which joined in 2004, who can now work freely in any Member State.
As you know, EU agencies are legally autonomous bodies whose governance rules are laid down in the funding regulations.
As you know, imports do not of course come into the CAP, but they make up another essential piece of the jigsaw that should go alongside the CAP, because if we import cheap, poor-quality products our agriculture is bound to collapse.
As you know, our transatlantic relations are based on values that we have shared for a long time, such as universal human rights and the right to a fair trial.
As you know, since March 2009, all Member States as well as Switzerland have agreed to implement the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) standard which stipulates that a State cannot refuse to provide information if so requested by another State, on the grounds that this information is held by a bank or any other financial institution.
As you know, the Council and Parliament are now negotiating to have the resettlement programme in place, and this is also an area where the European Commission could look at possibilities for financing quite a lot of it. In relation to our immediate neighbourhood across the Mediterranean, in the mobility partnerships: we are looking to include all aspects of irregular, legal and international protection asylum under migration.
As you know, the ESF is implemented through shared management, and I believe that the management system of the current ESF is not compatible with the objectives of the EGF.
As you know, the European Union as such does not have all those resources, so we need the cooperation of the Member States in making them available.
As you know, the evaluation of this liquidity risk is not part of the stress test itself, the results of which will be made public.
As you know, the previous EU-Japan Summit of April last year established a joint high-level group composed of senior officials to identify options for the comprehensive strengthening of all aspects of the EU-Japan relationship, in the political, economic and sectoral cooperation fields.
As you know, the transport sector plays a key role in guaranteeing mobility and socio-economic development in Europe and, in order to address the challenges of economic growth and sustainability, it is necessary to improve transport sector infrastructure.
As you know, there have been intensive negotiations on the Frontex Amending Regulation.
As you know, this was the view of the committee expressed on Tuesday, and we think that we can now proceed to have further discussions with the Council with a view to achieving a satisfactory outcome.
As you know, we are working, honourable Members, on a legislative framework on the management of the crisis, the banking resolution, which we have had the opportunity to discuss several times.
As you mentioned, I am a co-chair of this working group that we have in place. I cannot say much about what we are discussing in detail. I can assure you, however, that we will ensure that the rules of conduct for this Parliament will be some of the most transparent and will be rules which can make our citizens and ourselves proud of being members of this extraordinary institution.
As you mentioned, Madam Vice-President/High Representative, you doubt that a new initiative of this kind would end in a more positive way. I would like to ask if you can update us on actual humanitarian needs in Gaza, as well as on the goods and support currently channelled through the existing crossing points from Israel and Egypt.
As you noted, however, this scenario does not extend to cases in which repayment of sovereign debt is defaulted on. This is because the shock envisaged by the EBA would only have an impact on sovereign debts held in the banks' trading book.
As you said yourself, anything that breaches the European Treaties can also be clarified in a court of law.
As you said, last year's stress test was clearly insufficient, and the Commission itself has said this on numerous occasions to the new supervisory authority, the European Banking Authority (EBA), which coordinates the test in cooperation with national supervisory bodies.
As you well know, Parliament and the Council have to assess it at second reading, but the European Commission intends to seize back the policy initiative and reinvigorate it. In other words, the Commissioner for Industry and Entrepreneurship intends to start work immediately on ensuring the protection of our products, for the sake of the competitiveness of our businesses and the health of our citizens.
As young people express their anxieties on the streets of Athens and Madrid, as 500 million Europeans are wondering what their future holds, it is time to ask the right questions and to come up with responses to the issues that we face.
Aside from what has already been said about the precautionary principle and essential traceability - the first point - it is also a question of knowing how this general alert singling out Spanish cucumbers for blame could have been issued without any, or hardly any, proof.
Aspirations are high and expectations too that the revolutions will have been worth the blood that has been spilt, worth the turmoil and fear, worth the economic havoc in a world already grappling with the worst economic problems for decades.
Assertive and successful legislation requires not just good political debate and a joint effort leading to cooperation and consensus, but also a trustworthy technical basis that guides the legislative entities by assessing the context and consequences of the policies in question.
Assessing an agreement requires criteria based on strict scrutiny and monitoring of the terms of negotiation. I hope that the Commission and Parliament can cooperate actively so as to continually improve the quality and rigour of this type of agreement.
Assistance must also be allocated in a targeted manner, i.e. linked to climate change.
At European and Member State level, there have been many initiatives to fill the gaps in these areas.
At Internal Market level, the effects are negative for the production of European countries like Portugal.
At a European level, it is also important to have factual and objective information from Croatia concerning drugs and drug addiction and their consequences, and, at the same time, the Republic of Croatia can get information on best practices to understand the nature of its drug problems and better respond to them.
At a conference in Tunisia, organised by the Party of European Socialists, attended by representatives of parties and movements from the whole region, we asked the European Union for an emergency programme which will support the democratic processes now, immediately.
At a critical juncture for the European project, I consider the involvement of all the European and national authorities essential, in order for the necessary measures to be taken early.
At a particularly complicated time for Europe, Mr Draghi will certainly be capable of responding to the needs of the European financial system and guaranteeing financial stability and support for economic growth.
At a time of budget austerity, which is a direct consequence of the global crisis that has hit the European labour market hard, we need to consider our strategies for growth and employment, especially for young people, without losing sight of national differences and needs.
At a time of economic and financial crisis, the European Union is being called upon to enhance its strategic autonomy in order to uphold its values, and protect its citizens by developing a shared vision of the main challenges and threats and by aligning its resources and capabilities to adequately respond to them. I think that the new provisions on the common security and defence policy introduced by the Treaty of Lisbon offer a strong political statement of the Union's intention to act as a force for stability in the world.
At a time of economic crisis, when some Member States are reducing investment in education and training, I am pleased that Parliament has today adopted the report on Youth on the Move.
At a time of great economic difficulty such as we are experiencing now, the only purpose of this decision to strike at an economic sector that underpins our market is to make money, even if hardly any of this money is then used for transport infrastructure.
At a time of savage economic and financial crisis, in which there is little aid available to sustain companies and jobs, I welcome the proposal made in this resolution by my colleagues from the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) to support EU fishers by increasing the ceiling for de minimis aid from EUR 30 000 to EUR 60 000 per company for a three-year period.
At a time of such acute crisis as this, solidarity should not merely be a political priority, but above all an imperative of conscience. I therefore call on the Commission and the Council to submit legislative proposals to correct this unjust situation.
At a time of widespread economic crisis such as we are experiencing now, the need for effective enforcement of budgetary surveillance in the euro area is a priority.
At a time such as this, when the economic and financial crisis demands more cautious spending, transparency and secure and innovative finance, in the face of ever scarcer resources and ever more acute social needs, to try to make more efficient use of the Structural Funds is not only an objective but also a moral duty for all administrators and, above all, for this Europe, which is perceived by its citizens as an entity that is becoming increasingly abstract and out of touch with people's real needs.
At a time when Europe is experiencing an unprecedented economic, financial and social crisis, which is particularly affecting certain regions that were already weaker, it is vital for the future that cohesion policy continue to play its fundamental role in balanced and sustainable development.
At a time when Member States are being asked to slash their own budgets drastically, when people are being summoned to tighten their belts, when social security systems are being undermined by unemployment and immigration, while those responsible for the crisis continue to line their pockets and markets continue to speculate, it is obscene for this assembly, in cahoots with Brussels, to demand a single cent more to pursue these policies and make them worse.
At a time when citizens are increasingly losing faith in the EU, when Greece is on its knees and the rating agencies are dictating to States, Parliament should stop this dogmatic insistence on austerity at all costs.
At a time when countries like Portugal are resorting to aid from the other Member States, and when Europe is, as such, facing a serious economic and financial crisis that threatens its stability, an even greater effort should be made to avoid cost overruns and excessive expense.
At a time when many Member States are faced with difficult fiscal adjustments, the EU budget, 95% of which is used for investment, must provide a very high level of European added value.
At a time when more and more people are talking about a crisis of trust in the European Union, the fact that the overwhelming majority of MEPs support the opinion of the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs should be seen as confirmation that the idea of European integration still continues to be relevant.
At a time when our government is having to make cuts and reduce the level of public spending, and governments across the EU are having to do exactly the same thing, why is it, first of all, that the EU is asking for more money for its budgets and its financial perspective, and secondly that it cannot spend the money it has efficiently?
At a time when some governments are daring to suggest the reestablishment of checks at internal borders, it is even more important to demonstrate our support for the extension of what is, today, one of the European Union's best achievements.
At a time when the Commission, and indeed this Parliament, ought to be searching for, and bringing forward, proposals on how to save money, we are offered this report which suggests the completion of the Galileo satellite navigation system at an additional cost of EUR 1.9 billion in the next Multiannual Financial Framework.
At a time when the EU Member States are fighting massive budget deficits and growing national debt, the European Parliament is choosing to demand more money for the EU. This is a line that we cannot support.
At a time when the EU Member States find themselves under serious budgetary pressure, I am disappointed to see that, instead of setting priorities, the European Parliament is choosing to increase the budget by at least 5%. The European Parliament voted for contributions to continue in areas that keep the European economy locked in its old ways, by, among other things, setting aside amounts for the common agricultural policy that are at least as large as for the 2013 budget year. I am also opposed to the European Parliament's proposal to reform the EU's financing by introducing an own resources system.
At a time when the EU has already understood that greater coordination of economic policy and greater control of budgetary policy are both necessary, the idea that the Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF) should support economic governance seems an extremely relevant one to me.
At a time when the European Union is holding up progress and gender equality as common fundamental values, it is somewhat surprising that these European funds should be involved in a campaign of this nature. I should therefore like to take the opportunity of this debate to question the Commission on the validation of the funding for this campaign by the PROGRESS programme.
At a time when the European economy is weak and competitiveness is more vital than ever, this principle may serve to make freight transport even more expensive, especially for outlying countries, for which the price of transportation is added to the cost of the goods.
At a time when the Front National is riding high in the French polls and when one may question that party's move into the mainstream (in both media and political terms), I am satisfied that the European Parliament will not defend Mr Gollnisch's parliamentary immunity and have called for it to be lifted so that the courts can do their job.
At a time when the future common fisheries policy appears to be taking shape, I believe that our fishermen are not resistant to change; quite the contrary.
At a time when there are no watertight compartments between countries, we need to listen very carefully to the uproar of events.
At a time when threats are becoming increasingly serious, it is vital for us to protect these exceptional natural resources better.
At a time when transactions involving assets and capital are becoming increasingly globalised, it is important that the European Union adopt a common investment policy in line with the strategy set out by all the Member States.
At a time when we are commemorating such a significant anniversary, it is all the more dispiriting for us that, just a few days beforehand, the Hungarian Parliament, and later the President of Hungary, sign a constitution that runs counter to the fundamental principles of democracy.
At a time when we are living through what might be called a crisis of the European idea, it is good to reiterate the European added value that territorial cooperation provides.
At a time when we are striving, in Europe, to achieve a resource-efficient and sustainable economy, this data will allow us to link environmental factors to economic ones and thus offers the possibility of more comprehensive and better-informed policy making.
At a time when young Europeans are some of the main victims of the economic crisis, we should support all initiatives aimed at improving the situation of young people and, in particular, those aimed at improving access to education and their professional situation.
At a time when young people are being hit particularly hard by the effects of the global financial crisis, everything must be done to ensure that they can develop the skills, qualifications and knowledge that will enable them to contribute actively to the growth and sustainable future of the European Union.
At a young age, this should not be seen as an obstacle.
At any rate, I will try to be a little slower if that would make it better.
At first reading, Parliament approved 63 amendments to the Commission proposal on a regulation on textile fibre names and related labelling of textile products.
At first reading, on 18 May 2010, Parliament approved 63 amendments with a large majority.
At first, I was not given adequate support on this issue by the nuclear regulators. I am grateful that Parliament and, in particular, the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy and the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety were behind me. For this reason, I incorporated their expectations into the negotiations.
At last week's constitutive session of the Euronest Parliamentary Assembly, representatives from Belarus were rightly missing.
At least 20% of funding under the geographical programmes should go into these life-saving sectors of basic health and basic education.
At long last, support will be allocated in accordance with two criteria: employment - I believe that agricultural policy needs to allow for the notion of providing employment - and, of course, the production of public goods.
At meetings with the Russians, we must speak very firmly about press freedoms in Russia.
At present over 140 nuclear power stations are operating on the territory of the European Union, with over 190 on the European continent. I therefore support the decision to conduct stress tests of nuclear power stations on EU territory.
At present the number of cross-border debts successfully recovered is particularly low, and the cost of cross-border debt recovery can be prohibitive and can deter parties from engaging in legal proceedings.
At present we are seeing time and again in Greece, Portugal and Ireland that, under pressure from the European Commission, in negotiations with the national governments results and packages have been put together in which it is the weakest that suffer, and in which the wealthy - who did very well out of the previous 20 years - are left alone.
At present, 14.4% of young people in Europe aged 18 to 24 years have less than higher secondary level education, and almost 21% of young people are unemployed. I also support the fact that the Youth on the Move initiative aims to ensure education that will meet the needs of the labour market.
At present, I will feel less concerned if the Schengen area's Mediterranean border is guarded as well as Bulgaria and Romania guard their Black Sea borders.
At present, a 'toolbox' is the preferred option because this would meet current needs and special provisions in relation to the most common types of contract would be a genuine aid for consumers.
At present, research into low doses of radiation is the subject of a large-scale initiative as part of a joint programme planned by the European MELODI platform.
At present, there are several options on the table.
At present, two thirds of energy resources are imported from countries outside the EU, mainly Russia.
At present, under the aegis of the 7th Euratom framework programme, we are supporting a network of excellence in radio ecology in order to finance integration, networking and scientific excellence in the interests of radiation protection for human beings and the environment.
At some point, there will be a sort of Oettinger seal of approval on the old reactors which will certify that tests have once again been carried out on paper of all the things that have often been tested before.
At that point, the European Parliament, not unlike the police chief in the film Casablanca, professed itself to be shocked - shocked! - to discover that corrupt lobbying had been taking place under its very nose.
At that time we were very much criticised, but now - unanimously - the governments of Europe have decided to increase the effective lending capacity. I wonder if it would not have been possible to approve it some months ago.
At the 19th EU-Japan Summit in April last year, it was agreed to establish a joint high-level group in order to analyse the progress in EU-Japan relations so far and draw up suggestions for streamlining our current activities.
At the Council meeting on 12 May 2011 the Presidency plans to initiate discussions on the various ideas on the Schengen acquis which have been put forward by the Commission in its communication on migration of 4 May.
At the Council, the High Representative intends to present a comprehensive EU strategic approach for Sudan, mainly focusing on an independent South Sudan, but also including elements for constructive engagement with North Sudan, including the Transitional Areas, Darfur and the East.
At the aforementioned meeting, the Presidency would like the Council to adopt conclusions in which the 'think small first' principle is applied in particular, that is to say, the principle which the Commission's communication is based on.
At the beginning of the year, the European Banking Authority announced that it would be carrying out a separate thematic review of the liquidity risks in the EU banking sector as part of its regular risk assessment cycle in the first quarter of 2011.
At the end of February, I myself presented to the Committee on Budgetary Control the Council's recommendations on the discharge to the Commission for the implementation of the budget. I welcome the fact that many of the points highlighted by the Council have been taken up by your institution as well.
At the end of June 2011, the Commission will present its proposal for the next 7-year budgetary framework (2014-2020). In the case of EU regional policy, there have been substantial problems with absorption capacity under the individual programmes.
At the end of his fruitful existence, Miguel de Cervantes said that there were moments in life when one must choose whether to be a road or an inn.
At the end of this month, the Commission is to publish its proposals for the EU's budget after 2014.
At the end of this year, the Commission is going to present its proposals for the next generation of financing instruments for external action, to cover the post-2013 Multiannual Financial Framework.
At the hearing held in the Economic Affairs Committee last week he stresses that more European economic governance is now necessary and that under his presidency the ECB would keep on focusing primarily on the fight against inflation.
At the initial stage, the environmental accounts to be compiled within the common framework shall be grouped in the following modules: a module for air emissions accounts; a module for environmentally related taxes by economic activities; a module for economy-wide material flow accounts.
At the moment the geological storage of nuclear waste may very generally seem to be the least worst option, but advances in science could potentially turn that conclusion on its head. I therefore welcome the Commissioner's remarks on this.
At the moment, another challenge needs to be included on the agenda for the debate on the Development Cooperation Instrument, namely, the food price crisis, triggered by the drought and speculation on the global food market.
At the moment, less than 100 km from the European Union's external border, near St Petersburg, a nuclear power plant with a Chernobyl-type reactor is still in operation.
At the moment, many shops do not send goods to all EU Member States, and our transactions are often terminated.
At the moment, six of the seven candidates who stood against President Lukashenko are still being tried and harassed.
At the moment, the unity of intent of which so much has been said seems to have been thwarted by the rightful aspirations of the Member States to retain their prerogatives in the area of security policy. I do not agree with the idea of calling for a larger budget for this policy without there being real agreement among national governments on the use of these funds.
At the moment, there are growing expectations that in the foreseeable future, over the next few decades, developments during the next or next-but-one generation of science will enable us to recycle or store waste more effectively than we can today.
At the moment, there is the case of Syria in the United Nations Security Council.
At the moment, this mechanism does not actually fall under the discharge, nor does it fall under the declaration of assurance of the Court of Auditors.
At the moment, we are pointing our fingers at Germany, but perhaps it will soon be our own Member States we are pointing at. We therefore need to ask whether the internal monitoring systems in all the Member States are strong enough.
At the moment, we know that eight people have died, among them two pregnant women and a twelve year-old boy, more than 250 have been injured and 80% of houses are affected.
At the policy level, specific objectives and road maps have been set in recent policy documents.
At the present juncture, financial stability is being safeguarded by the EU-IMF stability mechanisms and especially by the actions that the Member States - especially the vulnerable Member States - are themselves taking.
At the present time, attention is mainly paid to implementation of the EU Action Plan for 2009-2012, which is aimed at strengthening European cooperation in the struggle against the unacceptable consequences of drug addiction. I would like to see the Centre working not only on the consequences but also on the causes of drug addiction, thus solving the problem at an early stage. I voted in favour.
At the present time, only six Member States have bilateral agreements on certification of aviation services.
At the present time, we must not forget young people.
At the same time - and Olli Rehn will have the opportunity to address you later this afternoon - we will make a strong appeal to you and to the Council to see if it is possible to come to a final agreement.
At the same time - and this was also an important issue for the European Parliament - there is clarity about the transparency requirement.
At the same time we must not fail to obtain adequate financing for Europe's strategic policies and action priorities, which are indispensable for a true relaunch of the Union and for the 500 million European citizens.
At the same time, 15% of the fees collected must be invested in pan-European transport networks: not just road transport, but also rail and inland waterway transport.
At the same time, European Union countries must also be aware that it is in their interest for Romania and Bulgaria to join Schengen because they will be able to make their own contribution to the security of all Member States and extend the Schengen area, which is set to strengthen the integration process within the European Union and the common area of freedom, security and justice.
At the same time, GNSS is part of the EU 2020 strategy's key innovation objectives. A larger amount of annual funding than is allocated at the moment needs to be provided so that this global navigation system is implemented in a suitable, uniform manner in all EU Member States.
At the same time, I call on the European Commission to propose active measures through the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development (EAFRD) in order to support women's employment in rural areas.
At the same time, I feel there is a need to strengthen dialogue between SMEs and public procurement bodies in order to simplify the involvement of SMEs in public procurement procedures. I would consider it appropriate in these circumstances to examine the options for helping SMEs to create partnerships and consortia, and to participate jointly in public contracts.
At the same time, I tabled an amendment to this report, along with other fellow Members, in which I expressed my disagreement about funding the innovation policy with money hitherto earmarked for the common agricultural policy.
At the same time, I think that we need new business models which will support these industries, by leveraging the benefits offered by the single digital market.
At the same time, I think we should call on the Member States to implement the JESSICA initiative at the level of cities, and not of regions or states.
At the same time, I welcome the positive attitude shown by the Croatian authorities to the use of the monitoring mechanism up until the actual time of accession as an additional incentive.
At the same time, I wish to point out that it is also clear in the economic policy programme compiled by the Troika in relation to Portugal that the programmes devised for Greece, Ireland and Portugal alike adapt to the characteristics of each country and are not formulaic in any way.
At the same time, I would like to commend the proposal to maintain a high level of funding for cohesion policy.
At the same time, I would like to emphasise that Poland is Canada's largest trading partner among the Central and Eastern European countries and, for a dozen or so years, has maintained a bilateral trade surplus which has grown year on year.
At the same time, I would like to emphasise that the EU ought to have an attitude of restraint and provide these resources by means of redistribution within the existing EU budget. I do not believe that the overall size of the budget should increase. I would prefer to see the agricultural budget reduced in favour of the priorities of research and development and the conversion to green energy, etc. set in the Europe 2020 strategy.
At the same time, I would like to stress that maintaining the diversity of the European Union's regions in the field of innovation requires particular attention to be paid to the formulation of a common strategic financial framework for scientific research and innovation.
At the same time, a Member State has the right to exempt vehicles under 12 tonnes, an option which I hope Estonia will use.
At the same time, approximately 300 000 SMEs have managed to access funding under the competitiveness and innovation programme.
At the same time, bilateral agreements such as the one being analysed at present are specific mechanisms that can help achieve the mentioned objectives. I voted in favour of this resolution on trade relations between the EU and Japan as I am convinced that the EU-Japan Free Trade Agreement (FTA) has the potential to benefit both economies.
At the same time, biodiversity conservation, protection against natural disasters and CO2 capture from the atmosphere are crucial to improving our citizens' quality of life and to preserving the environment. I therefore think that protection of the forests in the EU must be aimed at providing a guarantee that forests will fulfil their productive, socio-economic and ecological functions in the future, too.
At the same time, by retaining the wording of the original texts, the codification is being carried out in full compliance with the procedures involved in adopting acts in the EU.
At the same time, during tomorrow's summit, the High Representative must urge Russia to ratify the Energy Charter because proper energy cooperation cannot exist between the European Union and Russia unless the principles of transparency, reciprocity, competitiveness and non-discrimination are observed.
At the same time, environmental innovation programmes need to be encouraged, so as to plug the gaps which exist in efforts to deal with climate change and promote environmentally-friendly solutions.
At the same time, however, I wish to join forces with the religious representatives who called for the European Union to exert its influence in order to put a stop to the persecution of Christians in countries such as Egypt and Iraq and within Europe, in European Cyprus, where the occupying forces are denying Christians entry to their occupied churches and preventing priests and bishops from celebrating Holy Mass.
At the same time, however, the common agricultural policy must meet the environmental and territorial challenges and objectives of the Europe 2020 Strategy while also supporting the competitiveness and sustainability of agricultural industries and rural areas.
At the same time, however, this instrument will fall into disrepute if European Arrest Warrants are used for, say, stolen bicycles, or merely in order to carry out questioning. I regret to say that we have also found that it is being used when perhaps it has been decided not to execute an arrest warrant because there is evidence to show that it was unjustly issued and this is then not respected by the issuing Member State - resulting in the unfortunate situation in which the citizens concerned are repeatedly arrested whenever they cross a border.
At the same time, however, we also have to say that it is our job, in the European Union, to warn consumers when there is a dangerous foodstuff on the market.
At the same time, in Lithuania, the funding earmarked for road management and development has dropped by more than 20% in the last few years.
At the same time, in knowing each other's language, generations growing up would develop a much more positive attitude towards each other, allowing them to create relationships with their peers of the same age more easily, which would be decisive with regard to the future of these regions.
At the same time, it calls for a more strategic approach to cultural cooperation between the EU and third countries.
At the same time, it declares that migrant families and minorities such as the Roma make much less use of the early years education offered than other families.
At the same time, it is absolutely crucial that we ensure that a large number of online services are available to consumers.
At the same time, it is confirmation of how police and judicial cooperation in a cross-border approach to crime can achieve important objectives.
At the same time, it is extremely important that the Greek people understand that in the face of such difficult circumstances a national consensus is necessary: a national consensus and not short-sighted partisan politics.
At the same time, it is imperative to ask misleading business directory companies to cease and desist their deliberately misleading business activities, because they are contrary to the spirit of the Union's competition policy.
At the same time, it is important to ensure security for private individuals, producers, users and public authorities.
At the same time, it is the Presidency's firm intention to maintain the impetus of the process at the meeting of the Competitiveness Council to be held on 31 May 2011, which will also consider the mid-term review of the Small Business Act.
At the same time, it may promote a certain degree of opportunity balance amongst Member States, allowing us to experience the presence of an industry with five million workers, as well as the growth of their numbers in every Member State.
At the same time, it was announced that the Banque Nationale de Paris (BNP), for example, would lose much less than the EUR 6 billion in profits expected this year and that, without the exorbitant rates of interest, Greece's deficit would be 1.5% of GDP and not 8%. The speculators are stuffing themselves on taxpayers' money and are clearly set to bleed them dry.
At the same time, it will enable companies to provide goods and services without being subjected to unnecessary legal obstacles.
At the same time, many small and medium-sized businesses, which the EU always praises on paper as being the engine of the economy, were dealt a fatal blow, because, on the basis of the Basel agreements, the banks preferred to hold onto their money, rather than lending it to companies.
At the same time, one has to realise that more Europe cannot be achieved with less money.
At the same time, proceedings are ongoing which could result in the closure of two of the remaining independent newspapers - Nasha Niva and Narodnaya Volya - and the harassment of the political opposition, civil society and the independent media continues.
At the same time, recent data in Europe illustrate that the German economy is growing and that its export figures are higher than at any time since the 1950s. I think that this combination of facts, this inequality and the disparities which are appearing and operating within the European Union are the problem and one of the causes of the problem.
At the same time, research into alternatives to deep disposal of waste must be stepped up. The nuclear issue can no longer be dealt with by sidestepping public opinion, which is increasingly unfavourable towards it. We must have a joint policy on renewable energy and develop other sources of energy, without falling back on fossil fuels, while seeking to ensure that we are self-sufficient.
At the same time, the Committee's opinion draws attention to the fact that the current reduction in the output of emissions in Europe cannot be interpreted as a signal that the EU is on the way to achieving the goal of reduced emissions.
At the same time, the Council and Parliament bear a huge responsibility over the agreement, because they have to decide whether they want to follow the bad practices that have lead to the weakening of the Stability and Growth Pact and indirectly to the crisis as well, or put an end to the policy of agreements made at Member State level and bad bargains, and finally give space to a new economic policy approach that will offer common European solutions, is built on commonly established rules, and will finally complete the economic policy aspect of integration, with a strong Europe in focus.
At the same time, the Internet is often open to abuse: there is exploitation, of children, for example, and crimes committed by taking advantage of the freedoms that the Internet offers.
At the same time, the Union should contribute to making the UN more efficient and transparent, and improve the management of its financial resources.
At the same time, the authorities have focused particular attention on the fight against corruption.
At the same time, the dynamism of urban areas should be stimulated through effective and efficient synergies between the various European financing instruments, especially as regards research and innovation.
At the same time, the recommendations and views expressed in this interim evaluation are, of course, of paramount importance for the preparation of future activities in the field of research and innovation.
At the same time, the report rejects the use in trade agreements of the 'MODE4 process', which allows international companies to import their own labour force, thereby circumventing the host country's social and working conditions.
At the same time, there is also a strong commitment - the strongest possible commitment - on the part of the Member States to reinvest the income generated into the transport system in order to make it more sustainable and to reinvest at least 15% of the income into the trans-European transport network.
At the same time, there is obviously the risk of embezzlement, of the misappropriation of funds. I can see this debate taking place many more times to come in this Parliament.
At the same time, they will allow the smooth development of policies to safeguard the economic future of Europe.
At the same time, this method also enables the Member States to generate resources to reinvest in the transport system in order to make it more sustainable so as to actually reduce these external costs.
At the same time, though, the situation must not be underestimated, and we must now think how to keep the situation under control following the full accession of these countries to Schengen.
At the same time, unemployment of young people under 25 is approaching 20%, while the persisting financial crisis is leading to a reduction in the employment rate, rather than the target of an annual 1% rise.
At the same time, we absolutely need to take into account the huge potential offered by new technologies, which are both a source of information and a channel facilitating the freedom of expression. I think that it would be useful for the European Parliament to include culture on the agenda of discussions with other parliaments in the world, in order to help establish a general practice for European external action.
At the same time, we are also keen for the EU to pursue a responsible budgetary policy and therefore welcome the passages stating that we will also continue to identify and evaluate negative priorities.
At the same time, we are open to discussing with the Member States - and with the Parliament of course - several options regarding the possibility of Eurobonds, provided the Member States are willing to consider that possibility.
At the same time, we believe that each euro being spent now on debt interest means one euro less for the hospitals, public health services, public education and social security.
At the same time, we call on them to abide by the rules of a democratic state and to ensure respect for human rights, which are obligations they assumed as part of the Eastern Partnership.
At the same time, we cannot insist exclusively on strictly economic indicators, which are not always able to pick up on social phenomena.
At the same time, we have also got to grips with the problem of fraud, where other countries are deceived.
At the same time, we hope that CSDP assets will be used effectively to provide humanitarian assistance to the civilian population under attack and that future operations will be planned in such a way as to support the development of democracy in Libya.
At the same time, we must also think about the support measures which are required to prevent the loss of thousands of farming jobs and, above all, the destruction of an entire sector.
At the same time, we need to maintain a balanced approach in dealing with the North and the South of the country, with particular attention being paid to the needs of the South in terms of institution building and governance.
At the same time, we should consider introducing cultural visas for artists and for all those working in the cultural sector.
At the same time, we will continue humanitarian assistance and we will work to ensure that trade is part of the comprehensive approach.
At the same time, we wish to repudiate statements or suggestions alleging that either the Council or the Hungarian Presidency acted dishonestly or in bad faith, or was under the influence of interest groups.
At the same time, what I would like to caution against is expanding the intervention of the Commission in deciding up front what exactly should be the composition of food assistance in any given circumstance.
At the sitting of 6 September 2010, the President announced that he had received a letter sent by the Central District Court of Budapest on 6 July 2010 requesting the waiver of the parliamentary immunity of Mrs Hankiss, pursuant to Rule 6(2) of the Rules of Procedure.
At the time of the adoption of the Stockholm Programme, the Commission was asked to table specific proposals aimed at a simple and autonomous European system for the seizure of bank accounts and the temporary freezing of bank deposits.
At the time of this agreement's review, we would like to reiterate that the interests of the movement of capital should not be promoted at the expense of safeguarding the rights of people and workers.
At the time, the EU decided to extend existing national accounts, and the statistical data to be compiled, to key aspects of sustainable development.
At these talks, the ministers fully supported the Presidency's opinion that the four main issues to be handled as priorities are smart regulation, financing, internationalisation and governance.
At this moment, many Member States are making difficult budgetary adjustments, so defending the EU budget should be very well justified.
At this point I must warmly acknowledge Mrs Wortmann-Kool, Mrs Goulard, Mr Haglund, Mrs Ferreira and Mrs Ford, who have been rapporteurs with me throughout this economic governance package. I must also offer a very special word of thanks to the various shadow rapporteurs who have helped us in our work.
At this point, I should also mention the impact of the WTO Doha Development Round on an EU-India FTA.
At this point, I would emphasise that action needs to be taken quickly, especially where young people are concerned: the rise in youth unemployment is, in fact, one of Europe's most pressing challenges.
At this point, I would like to thank my colleagues for giving me the opportunity to prepare this report and I would also like to thank the European Commission, which has prepared this report and which has included the problems faced by young people amongst the fundamental priorities of the EU's 10-year development plan.
At this point, I would like to underline the importance of the work carried out by the European Forest Fire Information System (EFFIS) and, in particular, the importance of the Global Monitoring for Environment and Security (GMES) programme which allows the necessary charting and surveillance of forests.
At this point, it would be better to move towards a direct revenue system based exclusively on the gross domestic product of the Member States, or towards a shared and unified form of revenue such as value added tax, for example.
At this stage, let me stress the considerable contribution that many large farms make to rural employment.
At times of crisis, investment is needed in jobs and development.
Attempts have been made to question people who could communicate with the EU representatives, and this is completely unacceptable.
Attention needs to be paid to making more effective use of resources by recycling.
Attention should also be drawn to the fact that, when establishing a new financing instrument for developing countries alone, there must be a thorough analysis of the general objectives, the priority areas and expected results, as well as the allocation of funds.
Attention should be drawn to the fact that the Commission must take immediate action to address the issue of Siberian overflights and begin negotiations on international air transport agreements with Japan and Russia.
Attention should be drawn to the fact that the new regulation would result in much confusion and a lack of clarity in this area.
Austerity champions at home, big spenders in Brussels.
Austria itself, however, should strive to achieve a benchmark when it comes to the unsatisfactory number of highly qualified graduates there.
Austria's citizens are increasingly protesting that too little consideration is given to their concerns.
Authorisations should only be withdrawn when the EU has negotiated a new agreement with an identical level of protection.
Authorising and legitimising pollution if it is economically viable for the company is not a path to sustainability. I believe that the EU's priority should be to impose more stringent measures on pollution caused by heavy goods vehicles and to commit decisively to rail freight.
Aviation companies will also reap the benefits of the Agreement in so much as it provides for the use of each other's repair and maintenance facilities.
Awarding more money to this sector to compensate for the rise in oil prices will only be an even greater incentive for fishermen to use high fuel consuming ships, particularly at a time when the increase in these prices is not transitory but clearly structural.
Awarding the city the title of European Capital of Culture at this juncture would not only help in the cultural regeneration of the city and in improving the city's image in other countries, but would also help to commemorate important aspects of European history and identity.
Aware of the consequences of the Lisbon Treaty, we realised that close cooperation with the European Parliament and its members would be essential for the success of any Presidency in the future.
Awareness of the system varies greatly from country to country, often depending on the number of registered names in a country.
Azerbaijan and other countries in the region need to get a clear signal that violations of human and civil rights cannot be tolerated under any circumstances.
Azerbaijan is party to the European Convention on Human Rights and a member of the Council of Europe, and it has a responsibility to safeguard its citizens' human rights and respect them.
Azerbaijan spends countless petro-dollars trying to convince outsiders of the benign nature of the regime but I, for one, am not fully taken in.
Back in January of this year, the EU approved a EUR 46 million aid package for Georgia, of which EUR 23 million is to be paid as a loan and a further EUR 23 million in the form of a grant to the country.
Bands already designated by the Commission should be freed up by 1 January 2012, according to the Commission's proposal.
Banks that do not pass the tests should immediately seek solutions to tackle the situation, and the Member States - those that have not done so already -should adopt initiatives to help them and contribute to their recapitalisation or to seeking means of resolution.
Banks that pass the stress tests are not exempt from making every effort to tackle adverse scenarios and to prepare for an increasingly demanding regulatory situation.
Barely three months ago, this House adopted a report on implementation of the Services Directive, in which we draw attention principally to the fact that the one-stop shops are not fully operational, that in most cases, they do not allow completion of formalities by electronic means and that they are not working in the way which businesses expect. I hope that drawing attention to individual one-stop shops which are good examples will be followed by greater efforts to improve the operation of all of them, so that they really will serve small and medium-sized enterprises.
Baroness Ashton knows that she has our support in her human rights policy, and in respect of the rebels in Benghazi she made clear choices, and rightly so. Do the same now in connection with Omar al-Bashir, as the people of South Sudan deserve our strong support.
Baroness Ashton, Bashar al-Assad should not just top the list of those subject to EU sanctions but should be put on the list of criminals to be tried by the ICC or European courts for the brutal repression of the Syrian people.
Baroness Ashton, the European Union must be ambitious. I hope that this proposal will appear in your White Paper.
Baroness Ashton, we can all remember the Copenhagen climate change summit as an example of the useless cacophony that is brought about by over-representation of the European Union and its Member States.
Baroness Ashton, we will only have a robust foreign and security policy if we put all our weight behind and all our energies into a few clearly defined objectives.
Baroness Ashton, you have already intervened on the subject of the Egyptian Copts; however, not only has the persecution continued, but today, it is a worrying element in the so-called 'Arab Spring'. The communications from the European External Action Service still talk of it as being a conflict between extremists.
Baroness Ashton, you have an important role; please fulfil it to the utmost, in the knowledge that the time available is quickly running out.
Baroness Ashton, you were warned months ago by Members of Parliament that this latest massacre was going to occur, and we repeatedly asked you to act on this.
Based on existing systems which were created and launched by Parliament in 1996 and by the Commission in 2008, it seeks to address certain recent problems, although the argument for it in the report is the new powers entrusted to the European Parliament following the Treaty of Lisbon's entry into force.
Based on the opinion of the Consultative Working Party of the legal services of the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission, this proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on braking devices of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors concludes that the proposal in question is restricted to the straightforward codification of the existing texts without any change in their substance.
Based on the opinion of the Consultative Working Party of the legal services of the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission, this proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on indications or marks identifying the lot to which a foodstuff belongs concludes that the proposal in question is restricted to the straightforward codification of the existing texts without any change in their substance.
Based on the opinion of the Consultative Working Party of the legal services of the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission, this proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on rear-mounted roll-over protection structures of narrow-track wheeled agricultural and forestry tractors concludes that the proposal in question is restricted to the straightforward codification of the existing texts without any change in their substance.
Based on the opinion of the Consultative Working Party of the legal services of the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission, this proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on roll-over protection structures mounted in front of the driver's seat on narrow-track wheeled agricultural and forestry tractors concludes that the proposal in question is restricted to the straightforward codification of the existing texts without any change in their substance.
Based on the opinion of the Consultative Working Party of the legal services of the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission, this proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to units of measurement concludes that the proposal in question is restricted to the straightforward codification of the existing texts without any change in their substance.
Based on the opinion of the Consultative Working Party of the legal services of the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission, this proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on the installation, location, operation and identification of the controls of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors concludes that the proposal in question is restricted to the straightforward codification of the existing texts without any change in their substance.
Based on the opinion of the Consultative Working Party of the legal services of the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission, this proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on the operating space, access to the driving position and the doors and windows of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors concludes that the proposal in question is restricted to the straightforward codification of the existing texts without any change in their substance.
Based on the opinion of the Consultative Working Party of the legal services of the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission, this proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on the permissible sound level and the exhaust system of motor vehicles concludes that the proposal in question is restricted to the straightforward codification of the existing texts without any change in their substance.
Based on the opinion of the Consultative Working Party of the legal services of the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission, this report on the proposal for a Council regulation on denominations and technical specifications of euro coins intended for circulation concludes that the proposal in question is restricted to the straightforward codification of the existing texts without any change in their substance.
Based on the report by the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, and following the processes of consultation and evaluation of the credentials of the nominee, specifically in light of the requirements set out in Article 283(2) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU), and in view of the need for the European Central Bank (ECB) to be fully independent, I voted in favour of the report on the appointment of the President of the ECB, and I welcome Mr Draghi's appointment.
Basically, 'port state measures' means those measures that coastal states may apply to vessels that are not allowed to fly their flags in port or are seeking permission to enter a port.
Basically, the 2012 budget can be considered the little brother of the legislative package on economic governance, because it, too, aims to establish the conditions for a balanced budget and economic growth, and to increase employment and competitiveness though appropriate means of economic and budgetary policy.
Basically, what this involves is that a misleading business directory sends out a form, which appears to simply request people to update their own personal details or their business details, in return for what appears to be a free entry, a free listing in the business directory.
Be careful then because, when we open a debate on what a constitutional text does or does not contain, perhaps we should first of all clear up a misunderstanding.
Be that as it may, I should like to point out on the question of the Dublin II Regulation that, for certain countries today like my country, Greece, which lie on the external borders of the Union and actually receive approximately 90% of immigrants who land in Europe, the Dublin II Regulation is unacceptable; it is not something that local populations can accept; it is not something that the countries can accept.
Be the agent of change that we need. I promise you: only this will save your position, and nothing else.
Be under no illusion: we are very clear, I am very clear, with all of the leaders I speak to about what I believe needs to happen, and I do so with the support of this House and with the support of the Foreign Affairs Council of the 27 Member States.
Bearing in mind that European cooperation is a necessity, not a choice, I voted in favour of the motion for a resolution by the European Parliament on the EU as a global actor.
Bearing in mind that compensatory measures have been carried out in this project, that an attempt has been made to put right any wrongdoing that may have taken place, then surely the project can be rubber-stamped.
Bearing in mind that several taxes and charges are already levied on the road transport sector, especially excise duties on fuel, and in view of the current economic climate, I think that the internalisation of the sector's costs should be considered so that these measures might merit greater consensus between the various players affected.
Bearing in mind that the European Union budget is primarily an investment budget, which can generate more investment from public or private sources, it must be possible to adjust it adequately to changing needs and circumstances.
Bearing in mind that this financial assistance is one-off assistance of limited duration, I voted in favour of the proposal for a decision of the European Parliament and of the Council to grant additional macro-financial assistance to Georgia.
Bearing in mind the economic and financial crisis we are currently experiencing, it is never too much to redouble one's efforts with regard to the financial sector, beginning with corporate governance which, most of the time, does not take customers into account, whether they are savers, depositors, etc. I therefore welcome the Commission's Green Paper, and welcome its proposals, which can and should accompany and complement the regulations adopted to strengthen the financial system in the context of the new European supervisory system. I am therefore voting in favour of the report on corporate governance in financial institutions, and I hope that this will contribute decisively to their strength.
Bearing in mind the experience of the Lisbon Strategy, the evolution of the Urban Agenda must not be a one-way process, but have an organic dimension with a bottom-up approach.
Bearing in mind the fact that every initiative in the area of contract law will have to respond clearly to the actual needs and problems of businesses and consumers, I take the view that any justification in this area will have to be based on practical evidence relating to the current situation in contract law and any difficulties encountered by businesses and consumers, particularly in cross-border transactions.
Bearing in mind the importance of the trust that European citizens and consumers put in financial institutions and transactions for the stability of our financial system and, consequently, for the smooth functioning of the Internal Market, I welcome the Commission's Green Paper and the opportunity to improve corporate governance structures throughout the EU. Several things will need to be done in order to ensure the smooth and sustainable functioning of the European financial market, the most important of which, in my opinion, are a targeted approach responding to the needs of the real economy and the implementation of a policy of increased social responsibility and risk assessment by boards in order to avoid a financial crisis in the future.
Because domestic work takes place largely within the family home, there can be issues of privacy involved.
Because of Lisbon, investment treaties can become an instrument for the Commission's political objectives - and not just the Commission's: we can be absolutely sure that the Greens will try to advance their political programme, and we have seen that in the trade treaties time after time.
Because of my position as S&D group shadow Rapporteur on this report I could not join my colleagues from the Maltese delegation in voting against the amendment tabled by my group on fiscal convergence.
Because of the far-reaching consequences of ratings, intensive interaction with this sector is unavoidable.
Because of the weakness in the banking system, we are hesitant about introducing the debt restructuring measures urgently needed in the weaker countries.
Because of this, the new CAP must include transitional arrangements in established sectors subjected to radical change going forward.
Because pursuant to Article 28 of the Council Framework Decision, a person who has been surrendered pursuant to a European Arrest Warrant shall not be extradited to a third State without the consent of the competent authority of the Member State which surrendered the person.
Because the Council is not able to address the current imbalance in our society and to give Parliament the opportunity of making the ministers from the Member States directly accountable to us, the results of the trialogue are being weakened.
Because this is important to me personally, I should like you to grant me a roll-call vote on every amendment on this report under the same Rule whereby you granted it to the gentleman over there.
Because we have a close relationship with this country, we certainly have to engage in dialogue, but my position is closer to Mr Watson's thinking: that we need to take a tough hand as well, because if you go 'softly, softly' on a continuous basis, you will get nowhere.
Because we worked in conjunction all the time, I must mention the important introduction of a European semester regime in the preventive part, and point out that the preventive part is essential and that penalties should only be applied as the final step in this whole procedure.
Because while you pretend to be concerned about foreign workers, European workers are being excluded from the picture.
Before I give you the floor, Commissioner, let me first extend a welcome on behalf of this House to the members of a delegation from the People's Consultative Assembly of the Republic of Indonesia, who have just taken their seats in the official gallery above.
Before a European Arrest Warrant is issued, therefore, consideration should be given to how serious the offence is, what the expected penalty is and whether there is a simpler way of dealing with the matter.
Before agreement can be reached, there is one fundamental stumbling block: the recognition that in an internal market, in a monetary area, it makes sense that the variations in the scoreboard indicators should be observed whether they are positive or negative, and that both deficits and surpluses should be subject to observation, even though they obviously do not give rise to similar recommendations.
Before being able to think about the possible admittance of Bulgaria and Romania to the Schengen area, special and detailed plans must be drawn up to contain migratory pressures.
Before concluding, I should like to mention our commitment to supporting innovation in the textile and clothing sector.
Before the introduction of the warrant, the average time taken to extradite a wanted person was one year, whereas in these four years in which the EAW has been applied, it has been shown that approximately 50% of wanted persons agreed to their surrender after about 15 days.
Before we begin, I would like to say a few words.
Before we proceed to the vote on the report, I would like to underline that the ongoing activities of the working group on the code of conduct for MEPs and outside interests do not intend to put into question the substance of the agreement reached with the Commission and the content of the Casini report.
Before we start promoting these cultures outside Europe, even we ourselves have to want to become familiarised with all those cultural elements which are typical of Europe.
Being both a shared and a rare asset, we need to have a good understanding, firstly, of how spectrum is used today, hence, this idea of a wide-ranging, comprehensive study on how spectrum is currently being used by all stakeholders, including those whom Mr Chichester just singled out, namely, civil protection services, for example, and even military services.
Being part of the euro area has been instrumental for most Member States in weathering the adverse effects of the crisis; nevertheless forming part of this group also entails responsibilities as the potential default of one Member State will see a wave of negative effects across the entire area.
Belarus has a responsibility to safeguard its citizens' human rights and respect them.
Belarus is the missing piece of Europe's democratic jigsaw puzzle, and I long for the day when it rejoins the European family.
Belgium successfully did so in the 1990s for almost a decade.
Besides Youth on the Move, funding and political support should be given to programmes such as Erasmus, Leonardo da Vinci, Comenius, Grundtvig, Youth in Action and Marie Curie.
Besides that, I feel compelled to make another crucial point: behind the humanitarian emergency and the immigration problem lurks a political problem.
Besides the number of places available, we must also address the question of quality at European and national level. I am thinking, for example, of staffing and staff quality, the integration of care and education, and active engagement with parents, who are the first educators of their children.
Besides, import authorisations, ex post statistical surveillance systems and the requirements of single administrative documents already ensure that imports are effectively controlled in the Union.
Better implementation is, I think, in the interests of us all.
Better use can be made of the forest in this fight, not only through preventing felling, but also through afforestation and reforestation programmes.
Between 1985 and 2011 alone, apart from the immeasurable wealth appropriated by capital from exploiting the working class in Greece, monopoly capital at home and abroad plundered EUR 628 billion in interest and repayments, either as lender or borrower.
Between 2008 and 2010, French fishermen, for example, lost EUR 100-200 in income per week as a result of fluctuating oil prices, even though their turnover remained the same.
Between 9 and 15 January 2011, the majority of South Sudan's population declared itself to be in favour of creating an independent state.
Between legal fees, translation fees and implementation fees, it can cost small businesses up to EUR 15 000 to enter the e-commerce market of just one Member State.
Beyond simply knowing the origin of textile products from outside the Union, it is essential to ensure that European standards are met, and to not allow raw materials and processed products to enter and be sold in the Union without meeting the minimum conditions. I also believe that more important than ascertaining the type of products used in the manufacture of textile products is to assess whether these are in compliance with competition rules and respect for workers' dignity and rights, as cases where these are violated are on the increase.
Beyond that, we are now seeing an apparently never-ending power struggle being played out.
Big projects like the European patent and the Digital Agenda need to deliver for these small businesses, providing jobs and a future for people in Wales and the whole of the EU.
Bilateral development and trade agreements should always require not just elements of social responsibility but also cultural elements.
Bilateral trade volumes between the EU and Japan lag behind the bulk of the EU's trade exchanges with its other main trading partners because of the negative effects of Japanese non-tariff barriers (NTBs). I supported the resolution's provision that the EU-Japan FTA has the potential to lead to a win-win situation, beneficial for both economies.
Blinded by profit, this approach limits democracy and sovereignty, and creates greater dependency in countries such as Portugal that need to create employment, and produce and create wealth in order to raise the standard of living; that do not need more deindustrialisation, less agricultural production and less fishing.
Bon appetit, but be careful you do not choke on it.
Border control ensures that commercial operators supply detailed information during trade operations, guaranteeing, at the same time, the right equilibrium between speed and security of trade flows.
Bosnians, meanwhile, are characterised by great friendliness and hospitality. I recently read the reminiscences of a Polish student who took part in a student exchange in Sarajevo - she did not meet a single foreign student who was there as part of the exchange who did not like Sarajevo.
Both Bulgaria and Romania have taken very significant steps to bring their countries' policy and practice up to the Schengen standards.
Both States have met the criteria for the full application of the Schengen acquis.
Both States will have to cooperate fully so as not to jeopardise a system which depends on mutual trust between the Member States. I support the rapporteur's position.
Both agriculture and forestry can, of course, play an important role in achieving the EU's climate objectives, and non-CO2 greenhouse gas emissions from agriculture are actually included in the EU's Effort Sharing Mechanism, but emissions and removals of CO2 related to land use, land-use change and forestry (what we call LULUCF) are not part of the current reduction commitment as adopted back in the 2008 in the climate and energy package.
Both belong to the most visible and popular achievements of European integration.
Both countries are pursuing very ambitious programmes of fiscal consolidation, structural reform and financial repair.
Both countries have worked very hard and deserve the maximum amount of appreciation for their efforts.
Both decisions are wrong; however, because of the time constraints, among other reasons, I intend to focus solely on the issue of merit, but only after voicing my full support for Mr Moreira's speech.
Both he and we intend to submit a new text that further enhances environmental protection, which especially takes into consideration the areas of climate change, energy and biodiversity, which also includes relevant important rulings by the European Court of Justice and which harmonises and simplifies the existing procedures as far as possible and, moreover, excludes circumvention more clearly than previously.
Both in terms of payments to farmers and in terms of the second pillar - or through investments, by supporting the production of local goods - we will be able to respond to these objectives.
Both initiatives are testament to the great importance that the Committee on International Trade and, in our view, Parliament, should place on this matter.
Both markets would benefit greatly from upgrading trade relations between the EU and Japan, especially keeping in mind innovation and technologies. I would also welcome further cooperation on matters relating to cyber security.
Both of these are significant European cultural achievements and I believe that giving these up could signal the end of the European social integration process.
Both parties expect to reap significant benefits from the removal of tariffs, and the liberalisation of trade in services and company start-ups, but I share the disappointment expressed in the resolution as regards the slow rate of progress of negotiations on the free trade agreement (FTA). Both parties must make every effort to ensure that a comprehensive, ambitious and coordinated FTA has been concluded by 2011, because this agreement would be the basis for establishing opportunities to increase EU and Indian trade and investment, and develop business, and the FTA would increase overall exports and imports for both the European Union and India. I agree with the position set out in the resolution that if economic cooperation between the EU and India is based on common universal values, it may become an example for cooperation with other countries.
Both parties expect to secure significant benefits from the elimination of tariffs and the liberalisation of trade in services and company formation, and reaffirm their commitment to tariff reductions and further liberalisation of company formation and trade in services.
Both parties still need to find an agreement on several crucial chapters of the negotiations, among others, on access to government procurement, investment and public services.
Both sides are also significant investors in each other's economy, with a combined volume of Foreign Direct Investment worth EUR 200 billion in 2009.
Both the Commission and defence rights organisations like Fair Trials International - I declare an interest, I am a patron - and Justice, on whose council I sit, have pinpointed failings in the arrest warrant.
Both the Court of Auditors and the Committee on Budgetary Control have delivered a positive opinion on the implementation of the budget of the Community Fisheries Control Agency.
Both the Court of Auditors and the Committee on Budgetary Control issued a positive opinion on the implementation of the budget of the Artemis Joint Undertaking for the financial year 2009.
Both the Court of Auditors and the Committee on Budgetary Control issued a positive opinion on the implementation of the budget of the European Foundation for the Improvement of Living and Working Conditions for the financial year 2009.
Both the European Union and the United Nations have acquired experience in programmes which have produced real results in Somalia and that work must be continued and increased.
Both the Stoiber working group and the review of the Small Business Act presented by the European Commission have confirmed that administrative obstacles and excessive burdens relating to control measures often cause delays, and sometimes even prevent the further expansion of small companies which have the potential to generate new jobs.
Both the submitted reports and the debate so far consider culture and education from a variety of perspectives. I consider the development of creativity right from birth to be a very important aspect.
Both totalitarian systems kept their citizens under submission and were more likely not to allow them to leave their country than the opposite, but these obstacles do not exist now.
Brian Simpson's report adopted today will thus enable Parliament's role in international aviation negotiations to be defined better.
Bringing together economic, social and ecological efficiencies will also put an end to the ultra-liberal free trade model that is currently destroying family farms.
British fishermen are facing further losses in the number of days at sea and are slowly being driven out of business.
Broad assistance should not mean interference, however, because the development of civil society, democracy and the rule of law must, in my opinion, remain in Arab and Muslim hands.
Brussels could not care less about Turkey's Armenian genocide.
Brussels, which is considered by some to be second only to Washington as a mecca for lobbyists, needs proper regulations and clearly-defined principles of cooperation between decision makers and representatives of various interest groups.
Budget support must always be accompanied by actions to develop the receiving country's parliamentary control and audit capacities and to increase transparency and public access to information, and civil society should be involved in monitoring budget support.
Budgetary choices, which are key to determining the path each country will follow, according to its specific characteristics, its interests and the will of its people, are under threat.
Budgetary plans should take account of the most important objectives of sustainable development, at the same time as being flexible and focused on concrete measures. I barely need mention the fact that money must be spent transparently and for good reason.
Building educational success is the focus of this report, and it is also the reason why we voted in favour.
Building on what we have already talked about are mobility, market access and money, or the 'three Ms', as a simple way of describing it. Some things are extremely important to support these countries into the future.
Building strong foundations in terms of education and care during children's early lives, as a complement to the central role of the family, constitutes the crucial basis for success in terms of learning throughout their lives, social integration, personal development and future employability.
Bulgaria and Romania are fully-fledged Member States of the European Union and our approach to them must be the same as to any other EU Member State.
Bulgaria and Romania have been Member States of the EU for four years, but some fellow Members appear not to have noticed that, and some of their questions and racist remarks about these countries really concern me as an EU citizen, because if we talk about illegal immigrants from these countries somehow invading our territory, we are actually referring to members and citizens of the EU, and they surely cannot be illegal immigrants.
Bulgaria and Romania have been subjected to the evaluation of the proper application of all parts of the Schengen acquis: control of the land, sea and air borders, police cooperation, visas, connection to the Schengen Information System (SIS), and data protection.
Bulgaria and Romania have done a considerable amount of work on strengthening their border controls and have succeeded.
Bulgaria and Romania satisfy the requirements for full integration into the Schengen area, based on their evaluation reports and the reports by the expert monitoring teams.
Bulgaria should adopt additional measures, including a special plan that includes measures to be applied at the moment of entry to the Schengen area.
Bulgaria, Romania and Cyprus only partially apply the Schengen acquis at the moment and checks are therefore still carried out at the borders with these three Member States.
Burning is often the cheapest method to recover these valuable metals as adults and children scramble over the dumps of rubbish in their quest to earn a few cents.
Businesses have to face additional administrative hassle, the checking of labels requires additional customs formalities and, ultimately, it becomes more expensive to import products.
Businesses in Europe must remain competitive.
Businesses must also contribute to sustainable development in order to foster good conditions for workers, but the difference between developed and developing countries still lies in their systems of social protection. I am voting in favour of the proposal under discussion in light of the above and also in order that there may be greater promotion of labour and social standards in EU Member States and non-Member States alike, as well as respect for fundamental international labour standards.
Businesses that operate in a globally responsible way help shape foreign policy and development policy.
But Congress should also help him and press him to reverse this decision to reinstate the military commission system, as it offers no guarantee of a fair trial, and it must also reverse the decision to keep in indefinite detention detainees against whom no charges are brought.
But I also believe that the responsibility of political leaders at European or national level, whether they are in government or in opposition, is to show what countries have to do. In fact, without fiscal consolidation, without structural reform, Greece will not come out of this crisis.
But I am afraid some of the amendments to which the Commission has already made reference take away from the spirit of our initial intentions and the initial way in which we reacted.
But I think that the rules for application of the Fund should be changed in order to make the assistance available for less developed Member States of the European Union.
But I want to say, too, that there is greater coherence than perhaps anyone listening to this debate might imagine.
But a darker interpretation, reflecting on some Member States themselves, will be cast by the fact that Member States - and in many cases the supervisors are the culprits - were not bolder incoming clean.
But after various business and interest groups had got involved the proposal was reduced to 12 months only - with quarterly reviews! Further, any deal needs a waiver from the World Trade Organisation, which they haven't approved as some member countries (notably India) are worried about the effect that duty-free Pakistani textiles would have on their own markets.
But also I just want to say that I strongly support the increased support for the lifelong learning programme Grundtvig, and I particularly also welcome increasing support for the Life+ Programme.
But development cooperation is the one policy area of external action (besides humanitarian aid) which is not designed to serve EU interests, but to defend the interests of the most vulnerable populations of this planet.
But does she share my dismay at the hypocrisy of the European Union? As she and I both know, the EU is opposed to the death penalty, and yet the joint statement by President Barroso and President von Rompuy on the death of Bin Laden says that it 'shows that such crimes do not remain unpunished'. Does that imply acceptance that the death penalty is a punishment?
But generally we are, even for cohesion, very much below what was the upgraded forecast of the Member States for 2012.
But if we do not take it seriously, neither will the rest of the world.
But is he aware that, in his own government, one of the first acts of the Home Secretary, Theresa May, when coming into office was to opt into the European Investigation Order, which means we now cannot opt out and will be stuck with whatever comes through the legislative sausage machine, because this will be subject to qualified majority voting and the final outcome is something we cannot determine? Is this another case of Tory double-speak, where they speak out against the acts of the European Union here but endorse them back home in our own parliament?
But is this problem caused by the increase in fuel prices? Are you sure about that? We have discussed this problem again and again and we recognised that we had this problem even before prices were raised.
But it is clear, and this was in the presentation by the rapporteur, that under the present unusual circumstances drafting and finding compromises on the 2012 budget cannot be 'business as usual'. Therefore, a balance between consolidation of public finances and investment conducive to growth and jobs is a must and I think this is visible in our draft.
But it would certainly serve as a very good instrument and good indicator that those who register are prepared to respect the rules and be transparent, that they have nothing to hide and - this should be the key indicator for all of us - that they should be real partners to work with us and exchange information with us and that they have trust in our future communication.
But let me state clearly that the Commission will not accept any attempts to undermine the Schengen principles.
But let us not dodge the elephant in the room: this is not just about banks, it is about sovereign debt and the stability of the euro: inextricably linked and overwhelmingly important.
But let us not play this off against what happens in other countries like the Bahamas.
But let us remember that we need to set priorities at all levels, at the European level as well as in Member States. I must say that I dislike EU-bashing or Brussels-bashing, but I also dislike Member States-bashing, because it diminishes the importance of the spending we have in the Member States: health care, social security, pensions, education.
But look too at all the letters from industry, really lobbying for going to 30% because it is in their interest; it helps their profits if we step up our climate ambitions.
But negotiations on our common steps at expert level are, to date, not finished.
But now is the time to be bold, to be more ambitious and to achieve more. I have seen so much creativity in Wales, as it develops into a hub of activity for new businesses in the highly profitable global gaming world and a centre for cultural excellence with regard to film and programme production, yet I find myself asking questions about how to foster and encourage this development.
But now, after churches were burned and Christians killed in a renewed wave of attacks, the time has come for the EU to make it abundantly clear to the Egyptian authorities that they are responsible for the internal security of the country and for the protection of the rights and livelihood of all Egyptian citizens.
But our action against IUU fishing must not only comprise Port State Measures; we must also campaign to end the use of 'flags of convenience', which often allow vessels to operate illegally and with impunity. A global registry of fishing vessels could also be an important step, as could traceability of fishery products.
But people do not become asylum seekers simply because they live in a dangerous country.
But that also requires the Council (I am not referring just to Hungary, I am talking about the Member States) to help us in pushing forward the procedural guarantees, and the issue of unacceptable pre-trial detention periods for many citizens in my own country.
But the Commissioner has put his finger on it in relation to a number of issues: first of all, the fact that there are some diverse standards; secondly, the long time that it takes from the time of application to actual registration.
But the ESM will only complement the new framework for reinforced economic surveillance, which focuses on prevention and is of primary essence because it will substantially reduce the probability of crises such as we have experienced emerging in the future.
But the Treaty of Lisbon allows you not to do so: you can form coalitions of the willing and build up a systematic form of reinforced cooperation.
But the bottom line is - and nobody referred to it other than the Commissioner - that there is a EUR 20 billion benefit to both economies here if we can work out a free trade agreement.
But the closure of the border by France to Italian trains, and Danish demands to mend Schengen shows it is in crisis.
But the fact that we have opted in is a good indication that we are determined to deal with cross-border crime. I trust the honourable gentleman shares our wishes in that regard.
But the hardest case is going to be creating an even playing field in relation to procedural defence rights.
But the positive momentum of the immediate post-referendum period has vanished.
But then when they all discussed it over the phone, they said the Germans are going to be very suspicious, so we need to invite them to this meeting.
But then, here in this Parliament we have a couple of 'Pavlovs': Mr Schulz, Mr Daul, Mr Verhofstadt, all absent now - they have run away instead of speaking here to focus the budget on quality rather than quantity, for example, by limiting regional and cohesion funds to the poorer Member States, saving 30% of those funds, and investing that money in innovation and future oriented policies.
But there is no certainty - not in the outcome in any country - and no quick fix or short-term solution that will create the world so many people want to see.
But there we are in the hands of the WTO as to whether or not we get a waiver, and this waiver can only be obtained by unanimity, so we cannot force this within the WTO.
But this is an opportunity to talk about renewing faith in the Schengen system and the integrity of the European Union itself, and an opportunity to improve a completely outdated and ineffective evaluation mechanism.
But under these proposals, all services are open, except those specifically excluded at the outset.
But we do insist that the four items I have mentioned are red lines and have to be dealt with properly in these negotiations.
But we have over 2 000 parents, brothers, mothers and sisters in Cyprus who are suffering every day as they wonder about the fate of their loved one.
But we know that Greece has no intention of leaving the eurozone. I am in constant contact with both the Greek authorities and the main opposition party and I know very well that they do not want to leave the eurozone.
But we need to be mindful that we are legislating for the real world, not making a wish list for an ideal world, and that Parliament should stick to its areas of competence in future.
But we should aim to make significant progress in a number of areas.
But we should indeed call for what you have termed deep democracy, and we have to work seriously to support civil society in Russia. I would like to highlight some points in the joint resolution that the European Parliament will adopt tomorrow.
But what about the million Europeans who live at risk of poverty? Twenty per cent of Lithuanians live in poverty.
But what does that mean? What is the strategic perspective? What effect will this have?
But what we need to bear in mind is our strong political stance and declaration and our support for civilian operations. I believe, as I said to South Sudan, that we should not expect all the issues to be resolved by 9 July.
But while performance is important, research and innovation does mean we also have to accept some risk- taking as well, and we cannot rule that out.
But yet what we really should be focusing on is making the EU work better.
But, all right, this concession to France and Italy is fortunately merely symbolic. I am also pleased that, in its proposals, the Commission has shown that it, too, is aware that it does not have to look for solid solutions to a more efficient asylum and migration policy under church towers, and that this requires another, more European, form of cooperation.
But, as evidence indicates, this is not enough.
But, because there are lots of Poles in the UK, most of whom are very welcome, we get lots of arrest warrants from Poland.
But, in fact, we have different problems because this is the first time we have had this type of monetary union without some more integrated institutional setting.
But, just as the EU should be proud that we have contributed to a largely peaceful and credible referendum process - and I pay tribute to my colleague, Veronique De Keyser, for her personal leadership - the EU must give priority to helping South Sudan with its constitutional review process, entrenching a multi-party system and preventing corruption from taking any root from the start.
By 'European family', I mean the overseas countries and territories (OCT), which, although not strictly European territories, maintain a special relationship with the European Union, and, in particular, with the Member States of which they are part.
By 2050, that figure will be 5% or 6%. In 2100, we will make up 3% of that population.
By abolishing checks at the internal borders of signatory countries and creating a common area, it made the free movement of people and goods throughout the European Union possible.
By adopting the 'Small Business Act' in 2008, the European Commission made the first decisive step for these SMEs by introducing the 'Think Small First' principle in all areas of legislation.
By adopting the drafted resolution, we will give both the Commission and the High Representative the necessary mandate for this.
By adopting the report by Mrs Fraga Estévez at lunchtime today, Parliament has given its approval for the European Union to enter into a binding international agreement to combat illegal fishing, thereby demonstrating its commitment to responsible fishing also.
By adopting this proposal for a directive, which replaces four existing directives with one, we hope to improve the regulation of consumer protection and guarantee everyone a minimum level of protection.
By adopting this report, I welcome the fact that Amendment 74 was preserved, since it advocates the creation of a category of regions referred to as 'intermediate' for the next programming period 2007-2013 of the cohesion policy and is therefore along the lines of fairer distribution of structural and cohesion funds between regions.
By adopting this report, Parliament approves the granting of discharge to the Commission in respect of the implementation of the general budget of the European Union for the financial year 2009.
By adopting this report, Parliament has given its support to the agreement between the European Union and the Republic of Croatia on the latter's participation in the work of the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction (EMCDDA).
By adopting this resolution, the European Parliament is sending a clear signal to the European Commission on the future implementation of the Framework Programme for research.
By amending the constitution in that way, without really involving other parties or civil society organisations, it is undermining the democratic process, killing off dynamism and threatening to impose the exclusive right of a single party.
By approving Mr Klinz's report appealing for effective regulation of rating agencies, Parliament is taking another step towards greater transparency in the financial markets.
By approving the Hökmark report, Parliament is opting for innovation: the broadband and mobile telephony sector is not only of great interest to Europeans, but it makes it possible to develop new prospects in terms of research and development, areas in which the European Union can and must aspire to play a leading role.
By arguing in favour of graduated direct payments and a review of the regulatory instruments, the report also provides a new perspective on social perception of the CAP and of global trade.
By asking to participate in the work of the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction (EMCDDA), the Republic of Croatia has shown that it shares the interest of the EU and its Member States in the objectives and work of the Centre, the task of which is to collect data on drugs and drug addiction in order to prepare and publish objective, reliable and comparable information at European level.
By basically proposing that the EU budget be frozen until the 2020 review, with a residual increase of 5%, many of the objectives that feature in the course of its 40 pages are being compromised, particularly, that of social and economic cohesion.
By being an inn, Cervantes meant lying still, complaining that one is ignored and remaining static.
By calling for a rise in de minimis aid from EUR 30 000 to EUR 60 000 for the next three years, we want to send out a strong signal to the sector, which, in recent years, particularly because of the entry into force of the common fisheries policy and new restrictive measures, has seen some small- and medium-scale modes of fishing cut back, if not killed off completely.
By calling for common minimum standards for all the Member States, we are encouraging their governments to invest in new technologies, with a view to obtaining rapid, concrete results in relation to the disposal of this extremely hazardous waste.
By calling for simplified, enhanced and transparent aid allocation within the framework of the Europe 2020 strategy, this report seeks to stimulate the European cohesion programmes in order to address administrative burdens, the latter being the reason why most allocated funds are currently being withheld.
By creating a clear path for creative thinking and the resulting ideas, we can all gain intellectual and economic advantages.
By creating it, we will preserve this budget. I think that no one here wishes to see this budget reduced. I would like to take this opportunity to thank the rapporteur, Mr Pieper, for his work.
By developing the CCIs, we are contributing to sustainable economic development and job creation.
By doing so, we will have taken the first crucial decision. I am very confident that we will succeed in strengthening the credibility of Europe and of matters relating to the environment and to the economy as a result of these environmental economic accounts.
By emphasising spectral efficiency, we will remedy this situation without limiting the diversity of services available on the spectrum.
By enhancing our capacity to deal with crisis situations, it will put a more robust governance system in place that will equip decision-makers with better tools to resist populist or extremist pressure in the future.
By evaluating the work of the prosecutor in advance, before the end of the investigation, we prevent justice from being implemented.
By failing to provide accounts on the private and social cost of the use of natural resources and on the damage to the environment, conventional accounts may send the wrong progress message to the decision makers and this may put society on the road to non-sustainable growth.
By failing to see what it is, the regime loses its legitimacy and estranges itself from the people and from the international community.
By giving children the ability to realise their potential, quality education and care structures can contribute significantly to achieving two of the major objectives of the Europe 2020 strategy: reducing early school drop-out rates below 10% and lifting at least 20 million people out of poverty and social exclusion.
By giving the European Union legal personality, the Treaty increased the possibilities for it to join the various international and regional organisations and groups of states.
By guaranteeing clear consumer protection, we will be able to strengthen consumer confidence in the internal market and more generally towards the European Union.
By improving synergies, we will be able to increase the European added value of cohesion policy for local and regional partners across the European Union, which will in turn enable citizens to draw increased benefits.
By increasing the funding for projects that support youth mobility and increasing the focus on the cooperation between business and education, young Europeans will have a better chance of career success.
By introducing EU contract law and making it optional for businesses to choose domestic or European legislation, it confuses the system and will create legislative overlaps that may result in expensive tribunals.
By introducing the 'polluter pays' principle for heavy goods vehicles, the directive paves the way for the recognition in our public policies of the internalisation of external costs caused by transport.
By linking the direct payment to an economic variable we can achieve the transition from a Europe of 15 Member States to a Europe of 27 without offending anyone too much.
By naming the city a European Capital of Culture in 2014, we could send an important signal for the multi-ethnic character of the city and the state of Bosnia and Herzegovina, which could also give the political class in that country cause to rethink their ideas.
By negotiating a 'negative' list of services that would not be included in the free trade agreements, and if it were to go ahead, the Commission would be reversing the rationale that has prevailed hitherto.
By now, it is clear that the current mechanism has too many inconsistencies, the most famous of which is the United Kingdom's correction mechanism.
By now, we have managed to reduce the outstanding issues to one single major issue and some technicalities. I am convinced that the text we have on the table now is stronger and more suited to preventing future crises.
By passing this report on the new Multiannual Financial Framework by 468 to 134 (with 54 abstentions), the Parliament confirms that it is living in a different world from the harsh economic reality of our times.
By promoting the exchange of good practice, relentlessly combating pollution and illegal activities at sea, and preventing accidents, we will be able to benefit from the sea's growth potential for a long time yet.
By providing access to the relevant information, establishing a constructive dialogue and taking into account the view of Parliament, the Council will not only show its goodwill in terms of cooperating with us, but it will also send a powerful message about one of the guardians of European values, as well as about transparent cooperation and partnership.
By refusing this kind of oil, the European Union would retain its credibility in terms of its desire to protect the environment and comply with the objectives of the Kyoto Protocol.
By regulating both business-to-business and business-to-consumer contractual relations, adopting an optional instrument together with a 'toolbox' could ensure enhanced protection of consumers in Europe.
By removing some of these days off we could create around a thousand jobs.
By selecting the right way forwards in the area of contract law, it is possible to contribute in a significant way to the better functioning of the Single Market and to making its full potential available to businesses (especially small and medium-sized ones) and consumers.
By setting labour standards, the European Union fosters the possibility for citizens to obtain work in conditions of freedom, equality, safety and dignity.
By strengthening the role of the European Union at the United Nations, we will succeed in ensuring that the EU takes a leading role in regional and global affairs.
By supporting the report on the European Urban Agenda and its Future in Cohesion Policy, I am advocating a new approach to urban policy based on close cooperation between operators at the various levels of decision-making: EU, national level, urban areas and peripheral urban areas.
By taking into account only economic activity - wealth creation - and being useful, therefore, in determining economic growth, it does not cover parameters as important as wealth distribution, social inequalities, the quality of goods and services, non-commercial transactions or even outcomes not recorded by the market, which are essential to the assessment of development and progress.
By the end of 2013, the Commission should table a report addressing issues such as the situation of our forests and how depleted our fisheries resources are.
By the end of June, we are expecting a new Managing Director to have been appointed for the International Monetary Fund (IMF) to succeed Dominique Strauss-Kahn, who has, as we all know, been accused of a very serious crime that, unfortunately, has probably also damaged the reputation of the IMF.
By the same token, I insist that my country, the Czech Republic, also has the right to determine for itself how it will produce electricity.
By the way, I gave them very good news because I announced that the Commission is going to put forward initiatives relating to transparency for raw materials - good or bad news depending on perspective: less transparency makes it easier for some regimes to use revenues from their national resources and raw materials in a non-transparent way, sometimes with the complicity, we have to say, of the so-called developed world.
By the way, I see a lot of synergies between the use of spectrum for the distribution of content and culture, especially talking about audiovisual media content and for wireless broadband.
By the way, it amazes me that some members, as was the case with Mr Verhofstadt just yesterday, are advocating an investment strategy while being content with this package.
By the way, it is not always easy to make a clear distinction: was Fukushima caused by nature or by human beings? I would claim it was originally a natural disaster - earthquake and flooding - however, human strengths and weaknesses came into play when it came to taking control of the risk and in reducing and avoiding damage.
By the way, temporary border controls were introduced on the basis of the Schengen regime of 2006 for the European Football Championship and for the football World Cup as a defence against hooliganism.
By the way, this Parliament has been discussing this for ten years, but the experts outside have been discussing it for 30 years.
By this I mean cooperation and joint radioactive waste treatment projects.
By this I mean that deliberate attacks on nuclear power stations, perhaps by terrorists, in whatever form, including cyber attacks and attacks by aircraft, do not form part of the stress test.
By this we can show once again that the EU is committed to transparency not only in words, but also in deeds.
By this, we would like to show clearly that Europe cares; Europe is solidarity and Europe can help if the country is in such distress.
By voting against the report, I intend to show my opposition to its proposed future scenario in which national diplomacy would substantially be superseded by Union diplomacy, to the detriment of the Member States' diplomatic autonomy.
By voting for the Garriga Polledo report, the European Parliament has made its voice heard on the future of the European budget and put forward an ambitious proposal for the next Multiannual Financial Framework.
By voting in favour of the 'Youth on the Move' programme - a framework aimed at improving education and training systems in Europe - I wanted to support an ambitious action plan in favour of young Europeans.
By way of conclusion, I would briefly like to emphasise the following: let us make use of all this positive energy that we have here in the European Parliament, the temple of European democracy, as well as in the European Commission, and let us do everything to ensure this report does not remain merely a dead letter.
By way of conclusion, I would like to emphasise that, in order to achieve genuine social, economic and territorial cohesion and ensure that every European citizen has a good place to live and work, the size of the cohesion policy funds in the next programming period must be at least the same as in the current period.
By way of example, this tool was used over fifty times last year.
Can I also say that this House constantly rushes to introduce regulation.
Can I also welcome, Commissioner, this joint declaration made by you and the Indian Trade Minister, Anand Sharma, on 13 December 2010 stating unequivocally that nothing in the agreement would prevent the poorest from accessing life-saving medicines.
Can I now make some specific requests, firstly on the imminent Gaza Flotilla Mark II? Can you, Madam Vice-President/High Representative, put pressure on Turkey to stop this dangerous provocation at a time when Israel is under enormous tension and pressure, with missile attacks from Gaza and the renewed passage of Iranian warships through the Suez Canal? And how will the EU engage with a new unitary Palestinian Authority that has Hamas, a terrorist organisation banned by the EU, as one of its components?
Can I say to those who have that idea, be very careful, because I have a suspicion that a toolbox without an optional instrument is potentially actually more invasive of national law than a toolbox with an optional instrument that is voluntary, that respects the autonomy of the parties and is not detrimental to national law.
Can I say, too, that we are almost always the first to produce statements, the first to come out and say what we think should happen.
Can the Commission confirm its support for a strong and well resourced common agricultural policy under the next multiannual financial framework?
Can the Commission confirm that an adequately-financed CAP, maintaining the current share of the EU budget, will be a central part of any reform to the multiannual financial framework, in the light of the central role that the common agricultural policy plays in continuing to deliver such public goods?
Can the Commission provide information on consumer awareness of the quality food schemes? How can recognition of the PDO, PGI and TSG labels be improved and made more relevant to consumers, in particular, in Member States that have few registered products?
Can the EU really trust a state that selectively applies international laws? I call upon the EU to monitor the pre-election, election and post-election period very closely and make sure every violation is picked up and pointed out.
Can we really allow ski runs - new ski areas of 1, 2, 3 or 10 hectares which are added on to ski areas or which will be more heavily trafficked as a result of the expansion of existing ski facilities - to be completely disregarded in the calculations? My personal opinion is that, based on the European rules, all the areas to be used should be included in the overall project, hence our specific question to the Commission as to whether it does not feel that we need to tighten up the European regulations in this area.
Can you imagine Hungarian political parties mounting an election campaign in another country? In short, the new Hungarian constitution will lead to the total destabilisation of Central Europe.
Can you really see Syria chairing the UN Human Rights Council?
Canada has agreed to resolve the difference in exchange for a bilateral regulatory dialogue on biotechnology issues. I call on the Commission to defend the high level of protection provided by the European regulatory framework during the course of the negotiations under way.
Canada has also been lobbying Member States, and there has been the threat that Canada will take us to the World Trade Organisation if such an arrangement is introduced.
Canada is a leading world producer of aircraft and aviation equipment.
Canada is an important potential trading partner for the EU, and both parties will profit from such an agreement.
Canada is making a great deal of money out of exploiting its tar sands but it also made commitments under the Kyoto Protocol to reduce its CO2 emissions, and it has reneged on those commitments because of the financial benefits it is getting from tar sands.
Canada is one of our oldest and closest trading partners, currently the 11th biggest, and the potential benefits from deregulating bilateral trade are obvious, including from the study carried out by the Commission and the Canadian Government in October 2008.
Canada is one of the EU's oldest and closest partners, being the first industrialised country with which - in 1976 - the EU signed a Framework Agreement for commercial and economic cooperation.
Canada is one of the EU's oldest and closest partners, being the first industrialised country with which - in 1976 - the EU signed a Framework Agreement for commercial and economic cooperation. A number of bilateral agreements designed to facilitate stronger trade relations have been signed over the years and currently, the EU is Canada's second most important trading partner and Canada's second largest source of foreign direct investment. I agree that that the EU-Canada economic relationship has not yet reached its full potential.
Canada is undoubtedly a trade partner of the EU, but it is imperative that we in Parliament relay the concerns of our fellow citizens located both on European territory and in regions forming part of the European family, namely, the protection and defence of their interests.
Canada, like other states that protect geographical indications under trademarks, is, as we all know, opposed to the demands made by the EU on this point at the Doha Round negotiations.
Cancer is the second most common cause of death in Europe, and due to the fact that the population is ageing, it is expected that one man in three and one woman in four will have direct experience of this disease by the age of 75. Cancer research is on the brink of a number of breakthroughs, especially with regard to more accurate and less expensive methods, and also methods that are less distressing for patients, in relation to both preventative check-ups and actual treatments.
Candidate countries must be able to implement and enforce all the Schengen criteria effectively and correctly: the same criteria that were demanded of previous candidate countries; no more, no less.
Carrying out an independent investigation and bringing those responsible to justice is not a political choice but an obligation under international law.
Cases of young graduates, with additional training and postgraduate training, but without a job and without prospects of finding one, are multiplying in the EU. Training must be geared towards the needs of the market and prepare young workers.
Catherine Ashton has said that the flotilla is not the right response to the situation in Gaza, but the EU's response is to continue to fund, through research grants, the Israeli armaments companies that make the weapons that kill Palestinian civilians.
Caution in politics is no replacement for boldness: they must go hand in hand.
Certainly it reflects an old Irish saying, 'well begun is half done', and it can be done at early childhood level.
Certainly the Parliament in its negotiations has gone more than halfway towards a compromise, but I think we have reached the limit.
Certainly, if the fundamentals are right, there are great opportunities both for the European Union and for Russia in the long term.
Certainly, that was my group's motto in these negotiations. I doubt that the markets and our citizens would believe in speedy but superficial solutions.
Certainly, there is no reason to oppose an exchange of literature, film, music and the like, but the expectations in respect of the Islamic world must not be overly inflated - you only need think of the ban on music, which stems from the Koran.
Certainly, we do not know the causes, but we do know some things that we have to spell out: there has been negligence in political action and negligence by the German Federal Government; it cannot act as if Hamburg were a city state on another continent.
Chair of the INTA Committee.
Changes to systems for monitoring and managing funds, aimed at increasing the effectiveness of their interventions, should be based on a thorough analysis of their current functioning. I also support the view that unused funds should remain in the budget earmarked for cohesion, and not returned to the Member States, and I believe that we need a thorough analysis of the possible consequences of including the European Development Fund in the EU budget, in particular, in light of the EU's obligations to third countries.
Charging an interest rate like the one we are being charged is akin to tying a millstone around the neck of a drowning man while you are sending out the lifeboat to save him.
Charging users for some associated external costs enables Member States to make their national road charging systems more efficient, which means they are better able to manage transport demand.
Chemistry has made possible vaccines and antibiotics that have doubled our life expectancy, and it is key to developing new energy sources and improving food.
Child labour and the organised violation of human rights must not be ignored when trade agreements are under discussion and the EU must take a strong position in promoting social policy and labour and social standards in trade negotiations.
Children in their earliest years are particularly curious, receptive and willing to learn, and important skills such as the ability to speak and express oneself, as well as social skills, are formed at this age.
Children must be fully considered real, active citizens who are able to form and express their own opinions, enjoy certain rights, and who possess their own creative potential.
Children's earliest experiences are the basis for all subsequent learning, conditioning children's development, and helping reverse potential situations of disadvantage and transmission of poverty from generation to generation.
Children's early learning lays the foundations for their successful lifelong learning.
China, in as much as we can involve it, is a fully-fledged member of the Security Council and it would be a great help in finding solutions in the country.
Choosing the right way forward in the area of contract law can make a significant contribution to improving the functioning of the Internal Market and opening up its full potential for businesses, in particular SMEs, and consumers.
Choosing the right way forward in the area of contract law can make a significant contribution to improving the functioning of the Internal Market and opening up its full potential for businesses, in particular, small and medium-sized enterprises, and consumers.
Choosing the right way forward in the area of contract law could make a significant contribution to improving the functioning of the Internal Market, and to opening up its full potential for businesses, in particular, small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), and consumers. I would stress the need for broad and balanced stakeholder involvement.
Choosing the right way forward in the area of contract law could make a significant contribution to improving the functioning of the Internal Market, and to opening up its full potential for businesses, in particular, small and medium-sized enterprises, and consumers.
Cities are currently facing various and disparate problems, requiring the implementation of tailored and integrated local development models.
Cities are the fulcrum of social and economic life and possess a fundamental faculty of social integration since, on the one hand, they guarantee the preservation of cultural diversity and, on the other, they maintain a permanent link between the centre and outlying areas.
Citizens also need to be given the means to consult these registers so that they can make meaningful use of the information when trying to understand how we make decisions.
Citizens and enterprises also need to have the right to have such rulings enforced effectively.
Citizens must have easy and unimpeded access in the decision-making process to the influence and activity of interest representatives.
Citizens see many areas where EU legislation impacts on their lives, and so they cannot understand why they are not protected from fraudulent companies. I would ask you, Commissioner, to understand that the word 'urgent' means 'now'.
Citizens, however, become very restless if what is stated on paper is not implemented.
Civil participation and the involvement of civil society, entrepreneurs, researchers, young people and artists are essential to a self-determined society of solidarity.
Clashes in the vicinity of the Church of St. Menas are only the tip of the iceberg with regard to the tragedy of Egyptian Christians and the silence from international organisations.
Clear laws relating to the process of whistleblowing are essential in the fight against corruption.
Clear strategies are needed to facilitate their inclusion in the labour market, which will encourage the correlation between education programmes and the demands of the labour market, so that it can take up the graduates.
Clearly in all this we cannot forget the importance of growth, which brings in internal revenue, and structural reforms to get struggling countries back on their feet.
Clearly, colleagues, there are objective concerns that have been expressed not only by political parties but also by the Venice Commission, and, at the very least, there are ambiguities.
Clearly, every debate on discharge has its own particular context, and the context of today's debate is the economic and financial crisis, which has caused financial and budgetary problems for a number of Member States.
Clearly, every debate on discharge has its own specific context and today's discharge has taken place at a time of economic and financial crisis, which has created both financial and budgetary problems for some Member States.
Clearly, if agriculture is worth less in Europe, then agricultural products and hence all our food is also worth less.
Clearly, one cannot therefore say that the crisis is simply the responsibility of the banks, of enterprises, or of politicians, as some would simplistically have us believe. I believe that this is a collective responsibility and that it would therefore be healthy if everyone contributed their fair share towards tackling the crisis.
Clearly, the aim of the CETA must be fair competition.
Clearly, this does not mean that we should not pursue a policy of controls on and strict monitoring of anything relating to nuclear power.
Climate change and forests are inextricably bound up with each other.
Climate change is threatening European forests, with an increase in forest fires, with diseases passing from one country to another and putting entire species at risk, and with disasters caused by extreme weather conditions.
Climate change means that every type of forest and the forestry sector as a whole are exposed to specific and unforeseeable threats such as storms, drought and forest fires.
Climate change, sustainable transport, nature, biodiversity, the use and exploitation of raw materials and natural resources, as well as waste management, have increased their importance exponentially in the policies of Member States.
Climate targets must be increased to the levels called for by scientists and special programmes must be designed for countries with economic problems.
Close to 400 000 babies are born prematurely annually, yet there is no funding for research in this area.
Closer trade ties between the EU and Canada can only be built on a basis of respect for the wishes of the European public and for European law.
Codification is also a suitable means of developing European Union law which is simpler, clearer and more understandable to citizens.
Codification of the directive on marks identifying the lot to which a foodstuff belongs aims to achieve this approach and to simplify consumers' understanding of the legislation.
Cohesion among the different territories of the European Union is a key, strategic objective on which the very future of Europe depends.
Cohesion policy after 2013 should continue to be an important factor in the development of Europe.
Cohesion policy constitutes one of the targets of the EU 2020 strategy and for this reason it is necessary to pay greater attention to the coordination of activities between the EU and the Member States which depend on this sector. I, therefore, voted in favour of this document.
Cohesion policy has always been an essential element of the European Economic Recovery Plan through which the role of Structural Funds becomes clear to everyone.
Cohesion policy has greater potential today than ever before, and this should not be underestimated; it is capable of improving less-developed regions characterised by permanent geographical or natural disadvantages.
Cohesion policy is a fundamental pillar of socio-economic development, and the Member States have received the new requirements positively and are quickly acknowledging the EU's guidelines, making relevant progress in achieving the targets of political cohesion.
Cohesion policy is a key policy for the EU. It is a horizontal policy which, through its instruments par excellence, the Structural Funds, finances projects and programmes in the Member States, seeking to reduce disparities in development levels between the different regions.
Cohesion policy is a pillar of the Europe 2020 strategy, so the money allocated to cohesion policy in the next common financial framework should not be less than the amounts made available in the current programming period.
Cohesion policy is targeted exclusively at investments.
Cohesion policy is vital to an improved socio-economic environment in Europe and is a practical expression of solidarity between the Member States.
Cohesion policy needs to be an effective tool for responding to the socio-economic challenges brought about by the financial crisis and for reducing disparities between the levels of development of European regions.
Cohesion policy not only plays a key role in achieving the objectives of the Europe 2020 strategy; its primary task is to strengthen European integration and solidarity by reducing the social, economic and territorial differences that still unfortunately exist within the European Union.
Cohesion policy should also promote transparency.
Cohesion policy should certainly remove the current physical, administrative and regulatory obstacles and reduce the 'border effect' between territories and regions, permitting them to address their shared challenges together, whether these be territorial, global, economic or societal.
Cohesion policy should continue to help the poorest regions catch up and adapt its objectives to present and future challenges, providing smart, sustainable and inclusive growth, in line with the Europe 2020 strategy.
Collaboration between the private and public sectors must be developed and SMEs encouraged to participate more fully in the programme.
Colleagues who were in the House at the time will recall that we urged the Commission and the Council to build more civil liberties safeguards into the legislation, and we secured from the Commission a commitment to a draft directive on the rights of defendants in criminal legal proceedings.
Colleagues, as you see, we are witnessing a fundamental discussion on the future of Europe and we are waiting for the standpoint of the Commission.
Colourants, gases to increase shelf life, growth hormones, antibiotics, GMOs and much more besides are used - preferably without consumers being able to read about it on the packaging.
Combating illegal fishing, creating jobs, reducing poverty levels in third countries and supplying the EU market with quality products for its consumers are the key objectives that should be guaranteed under this agreement with Mauritania.
Combating youth unemployment is one of the most important challenges facing the EU. In order to address this problem, we need to invest more in the education and training of young people so that they are equipped for future challenges on the labour market, which is becoming more and more demanding.
Coming from Scotland, I am particularly glad to see a strong statement in favour of less favoured areas in paragraph 82. I know that farmers in Scotland - and everywhere else too - will be glad to see paragraph 44, which contains an explicit statement that cross-compliance should be risk-based and proportional.
Coming to the future of the common foreign and security policy, I would like to call for more coherence and consistency when dealing with non-democratic regimes.
Coming up with a viable solution to the sovereign debt crisis and the need to strengthen the euro, return to a path of sustainable growth and create new jobs depend on efficient coordination between Member States and strengthening the Stability and Growth Pact.
Commercial relations between the European Union and Canada can go well beyond the commitments undertaken through the World Trade Organisation as long as they are based on a balanced agreement, a guarantee of proper reciprocal access to each other's markets and improved protection for trademarks, patents and geographical indications.
Commission approval of applications to the Fund in 2011 had to be postponed for the first time because sufficient payment appropriations could not be found quickly. I am sure you will agree that this is not helpful to workers who have been made redundant and need assistance quickly.
Commission representatives on the governing boards of agencies make every effort to ensure that the recommendations stemming from external evaluations, and those from the Court of Auditors and the Commission's internal audit service, are followed up appropriately.
Commissioner Dalli, I know that you are nodding in agreement, and I welcome that, but I do believe that now is the time to set up the crisis unit, and I would like you to comment on that in your closing remarks.
Commissioner Dalli, I want assurance from you here today that absolutely every effort is being made to trace where the source of this E coli outbreak has come from, because until we trace the source, we cannot start the process of rebuilding consumer confidence.
Commissioner Geoghegan-Quinn, perhaps you could provide some impetus here to get a tar sands research programme put in place alongside this trade agreement.
Commissioner Malmström correctly emphasises the fact that the free movement of people across European borders is an enormous success and we must not lose it. From this perspective, the Commission proposal for managed immigration flows seems incomprehensible.
Commissioner Malmström, leave Schengen as it is. Re-read the Treaties, re-read Articles 67 and 78. Everything is there.
Commissioner Reding has already told you, and I emphasise the fact, that an extradition order can take up to a year whereas a European Arrest Warrant, on the other hand, must be substantiated within 40 days.
Commissioner Reding should be credited with having had the honesty to confirm that this warrant has had problems and causes doubts, and that there are proportionality tests, which must be passed when warrants are issued and which should not be applied automatically without a judge having a slower, more measured look at them.
Commissioner Rehn has 15 points on his list and it could be that there are some Members who have problems with the detail in this package, but if you look at the alternative offered by the Left, it leaves us even worse off. I therefore hope that, tomorrow, Members will be prepared to rise to the challenge of this very important legislative package for this Parliament, which for the first time in its history is exercising co-legislative powers, just as the Council does.
Commissioner Rehn reported this evening that it has succeeded in reducing the cost of doing business by 22% in some areas and will continue to concentrate on this initiative.
Commissioner, I am, of course, very glad to hear you stress again the importance that you attach to the maintenance of the Schengen area. I know you are very sincere on that, but my worry is that, despite that, people seem to have got the wrong end of the stick and the impression has got abroad - for instance, last week an article in the Financial Times said that 'Schengen as well as the eurozone was disintegrating' - that somehow the Commission is fairly relaxed about the reintroduction of internal border controls.
Commissioner, I ask that you make sure that the EU representatives at the summit in Nizhny Novgorod will give recognition and support to the civil society organisations.
Commissioner, I hope that you will change your mind on this particular decision, and that you will not remain deaf to the political objectives and budgetary intentions thereof which are expressed in this mandate for the trialogue.
Commissioner, I invite you to table a proposal on cloning as soon as possible in order to regulate the sector effectively once and for all.
Commissioner, I still think you can do more for simplification.
Commissioner, I was interested in your words on occupational health and safety and, even though you do not foresee extending the directive, I think your comments leave some scope for flexibility in ensuring better health and safety conditions for domestic workers.
Commissioner, I would like to thank you for remembering, when preparing the joint EU-Russia Summit, all of the agendas that are important for the partnership between the EU and Russia.
Commissioner, I would suggest that you take some of these free days and reallocate them to the implementation of the budget, so that we can actually achieve the political goals we want to achieve. I would ask that we should also be provided with an EU 2020 strategy for the administration of the EU. This would require action not only from you, but also from the entire college and the President of the Commission.
Commissioner, any weakening of the CAP will come up against political opposition from the European Parliament. I think that this is the cross-party message of this House and serious account needs to be taken of it.
Commissioner, as well as technology and geography, you must also ensure that the safety culture and the structure of safety policies are included in the stress test when the proposal is put forward.
Commissioner, as you know, the delivery of public goods and security of food supply comes at a very significant cost.
Commissioner, can you personally offer any explanation of how the proportionality requirements should be interpreted and arrange for this to be taken over by the Council? Can you make sure that people will actually be entitled to challenge an arrest warrant in both the Member State which has issued the warrant and the Member State which is carrying it out? Do you agree that it ought to be possible to consistently refuse to carry out arrest warrants on behalf of countries where conditions in prisons and houses of detention remain inhumane, that the EAW will be subjected to a human rights assessment and that Cor Disselkoen need not fear even more misery?
Commissioner, congratulations for introducing these stress tests, but you should step in to show your disagreement with the position taken by certain Member States, including the United Kingdom and France.
Commissioner, in 1989, the then President of the Commission, Jacques Delors, stated that education and culture should be the soul of Europe.
Commissioner, in my opinion this programme should also be seen as an opportunity, so that we respect and uphold certain fundamental principles through the choices we make.
Commissioner, in the light of Parliament resolutions and the Council conclusions of last December, could you give us your assessment of the progress that has been made since the 2006 Barnier report in setting up a really coherent rapid reaction or disaster response mechanism: one that draws together humanitarian, civil protection and military assets and that has a pre-identified pool of resources from Member States rather than an ad hoc approach? Are we getting our act together? Can you reassure us?
Commissioner, in the meeting that we had on the day before your meeting with the European Nuclear Safety Regulators Group (ENSREG), my group explained to you what our position on this question was.
Commissioner, is it not true that we have, or soon will have, EU laws which prohibit the placing on the market of products from seals, of dog and cat fur, and of cosmetics which are tested on animals? We have those laws, so why can we not have a law which prohibits the placing on the EU market of products which result from the cruel practice of cloning?
Commissioner, just like you, we want to stick to the procedure ensuring that this entire process is conducted correctly, and we await the final opinion of the Venice Commission, although it is now clear from the preliminary conclusions presented in the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs by the Secretary of the Venice Commission, Mr Markert, that the current Hungarian constitution is, in a number of points, controversial to say the least.
Commissioner, knowing your attachment to Europe, I believe that you will agree with me that the solutions we are debating today, the way in which we shall manage this crisis, will no doubt be a major chapter in European history.
Commissioner, now would be the time to enhance our ethical commitment to assist the ILO, to help ourselves, and to perform work which is worthy for the future of humanity.
Commissioner, on behalf of the entire Parliament, I would like to thank you for agreeing to conduct this debate in the run-up to this conference.
Commissioner, this is a matter of the utmost importance.
Commissioner, this is, without doubt, the top priority at the stress test stage; however, I would also point out that, in the second stage, full and fundamental preventive supervision will need to include appropriate mechanisms to address what, to date, has been a particularly shadowy banking sector.
Commissioner, traceability to the origin worked, but how much time was lost in directing attention to the origin, focusing on agricultural production, whereas other forms of contamination, such as handling or distribution at the point of destination, were dismissed? Why did the Commission echo the hurried information from Germany?
Commissioner, we are all looking forward to your communication in October and then to good, positive cooperation.
Commissioner, we support you in your approach of bringing more ecology and more greening into the first pillar.
Commissioner, why is it that only spending on pensions can be given special treatment in your assessment of Member States' medium-term budget objectives? Why is it that this special treatment cannot also be given to the investment in the future represented by spending on education, or the spending we need to undertake to combat social exclusion, a goal that you set and that we included in the Europe 2020 strategy? Why is it that these aims and this kind of approach are not also applied to spending on research and development or infrastructures?
Commissioner, would you consider an area-based response to youth employment problems? You will find that it is people with the lowest level of education, perhaps living in local authority complexes, lacking access to education and on social welfare who have the highest levels of unemployment.
Commissioner, you have just said it yourself: this is a sector with a major potential for our economy and employment, which is why we must take specific, stimulating measures, such as reducing the tax on online projects, because the current system, certainly the VAT rate, is out of step with the times and is absolutely unfair.
Commissioner, you have promised that we will look into whether stricter conditions can be introduced by the next financial perspective in 2014.
Commissioner, you say that plausible possibilities should be taken into account, and so we are not taking into account the possibility of a sovereign State defaulting in Europe. I would therefore like to make the following point: either you regard this as a possibility to be rejected, and if so I would say to you that you are in denial, because the figures of the Greek debt and the Irish debt clearly show that, sooner or later, those States are going to have to restructure their debt, or you are playing for time, and if so I would say to you that that is equally irresponsible, because the longer it takes to tackle the issue, the more it will cost society as a whole. I therefore appeal to your sense of reality and responsibility in this matter, Commissioner.
Commissioners, President-in-Office of the Council, are you aware of what happened in Paris? In Paris, some young Tunisians who had an Italian residency permit heard the French police say to them: 'This is what we are going to do with your permits', before tearing them up in front of them.
Commitment to education and training to improve young Europeans' qualifications is a key objective of the Europe 2020 strategy, and an instrument that I consider essential to combating unemployment and encouraging entrepreneurship. I therefore welcome the Youth on the Move initiative, in particular, its aspect of supporting and encouraging student mobility, and of recognising qualifications, as well as the importance ascribed to non-formal and informal education, which are often as important as formal learning or even more so.
Commitment to the EU's principles of equality and solidarity should end the existence of different standards and also prejudices in decision making.
Compared to our global ambitions, what is needed here is a small step.
Compared to the BRIC countries, the EU invests more, with the differential having decreased for Brazil and China, and increased for India and Russia.
Compliance with competition law in the field of energy, without the granting of any exemptions, is also a very important matter for the European Parliament.
Composition of political groups: see Minutes
Comprehensive agreements with neighbouring countries or significant global partners can provide substantial benefits by offering passengers and freight operators improved services - in terms of both variety and cost - while allowing airlines new opportunities and a competitive edge.
Comprehensive air agreements with neighbouring countries or significant global partners can deliver benefits not only to freight operators and airlines, but also to passengers.
Comprehensive air agreements with neighbouring countries or significant global partners can deliver substantial benefits to passengers, freight operators and airlines, by means of both market access and regulatory convergence to promote fair competition, including issues with regard to state subsidies and social and environmental standards. I agree with the rapporteur that Parliament needs to follow the process from the very beginning and be closely involved in the topics under discussion to discover the current state of the negotiations on air agreements.
Concerning Mr Zver's Youth on the Move initiative, it is very probably true that this mobility programme has proven to be a success story, and his report, to its credit, goes a lot deeper into the matter. I believe that it could lead to many success stories being documented in European history and on the subject of youth in the future.
Concerning prison conditions: the Member States are under a general obligation to ensure that prison conditions are in accordance with the basic tenets of human dignity and do not violate the prohibition of inhuman and degrading treatment laid down in Article 3 of the European Convention on Human Rights.
Concerning the GIs, the high level of protection is an important objective in this negotiation and it has taken quite some time and effort with India to come to a common approach.
Concerning the issue of red tape, this will not create a new burden for enterprises because we are using existing administrative and statistical data.
Concerning the question on health and safety legislation and how it applies to domestic workers, the Commission at this moment does not plan to extend the scope of the Health and Safety Directive but we now have an opportunity to think about new rules on domestic workers as a group.
Concerns were raised about the potential risk to the independence of experts and also potential problems with staff recruitment.
Conciliation proceedings are most certainly a useful mechanism in the legislative process, but they become futile and pointless if participants are not prepared to negotiate and to compromise.
Conclusion number one reads: 'in considering the direct causes of the Fukushima accident, we see no reason for curtailing the operation of nuclear power plants or other nuclear facilities in the UK'. Conclusion two reads: 'in response to the Fukushima accident, the UK nuclear power industry has reacted responsibly and appropriately, displaying leadership for safety and a strong safety culture in its response to date'. Conclusion four reads: 'to date, the consideration of the known circumstances of the Fukushima accident has not revealed any gaps in scope or depth of the safety assessment principles for nuclear facilities in the UK'.
Conclusions like this flow directly from the Albertini report, which notes a lack of will on the part of Member States to conduct a common policy and the statements of some representatives of those Member States which have created the impression of disunity.
Conditionality will help us to improve the quality of our work. A lot has been said today about the transitional regions, most of it proper and important.
Confident that the Council will confirm Parliament's vote in favour, I guarantee Mario Draghi, in my capacity as a member of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, the utmost readiness to take part in a fruitful collaboration with the ECB, particularly at this time of difficulty for the euro and the EU.
Confronted with a global economy which is in crisis, the European Parliament has stressed the importance of making Europe more innovative and efficient by adapting to the new challenges of the 21st century.
Congratulations once again, Mr Coelho, and congratulations to Romania and Bulgaria.
Consensus was also reached on the issue of transparency, since I support the idea to oblige all registered rating agencies to conduct an annual review to assess their past credit rating performances, with this information then being passed on to the supervisor.
Consequently, I appeal to you, Commissioner, to ensure that, in the forthcoming financial period, both regional policy and agricultural policy maintain their existing budget levels, in accordance with Parliament's opinion. I am, moreover, glad that the report also gives consideration to regions where conditions are especially tough, such as the sparsely populated areas of the north.
Consequently, I hope that tomorrow's vote will be favourable and that all those who claim to be in favour of Eurosecurities will discuss the issue in a spirit of open-mindedness rather than based on ideological prejudices.
Consequently, I think that we need to ensure at the moment in Europe that there is a greater distribution of creative works and free access is provided to them online without, however, ignoring the fact that the artists and their works must be protected and receive fair remuneration.
Consequently, I welcome the call by our Chamber to introduce greater flexibility in the de minimis subsidy scheme.
Consequently, all labour market players, including those from the professional sectors, businesses, trade unions, ministries and public employment services, should engage in a structured dialogue on how to guarantee professional integration of the young, promote formal/informal training and ultimately develop an education system in the EU which is able to provide career security for our young people.
Consequently, consumers are also disadvantaged by limited product choice, higher prices and lower quality due to weak cross-border competition.
Consequently, greater attention must be focused on protecting workers' rights and labour legislation. A significant improvement needs to be made to the legal and social position of women to prevent discrimination and utilise the potential contribution from women to economic and social development. I call on the Commission and Member States to enforce the right not to be discriminated against, which means the right to work and equal treatment, irrespective of gender, ethnic origin, age and disability, as a key principle in the fight against poverty.
Consequently, it is crucial to continue adopting an approach that protects these services, particularly by protecting them from international competition.
Consequently, it is very important to obtain accurate data and information on drugs and drug addiction, because these are global phenomena, posing a threat to the health, security and social well-being of us all. I support Croatia's participation in the activities of the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction.
Consequently, later on, some of these young people are neither employed nor in education or training. I understand the Commission's efforts to encourage the Member States to exchange examples of good policy and practice, making use of the open method of coordination, but it would be much more useful and effective to draft and adopt common quality criteria.
Consequently, new indicators need to be developed, which is precisely what Mrs Rosbach's report does. I consider that GDP is a limited indicator and that indicators should be developed to supplement it. The report addresses the above issues, which I consider to be very important and in need of immediate resolution, which is why I voted in favour of this particular report.
Consequently, so as to be able to finance the actions linked to the EU's new competences under the Treaty of Lisbon, I am supporting the request for the question of own resources to be examined and for new forms of Community income, in order to ease the pressure on national budgets and to do away with the belief in a 'fair return' which is economically inaccurate and politically unsound.
Consequently, some of the key questions arising from this debate are whether policies on the arms trade will finally be changed, and what exactly is going to be done to put an end to the expansionist and warmongering policies of Israel ...
Consequently, the Commission should consider the possibility of establishing a completely new, independent European Credit Rating Foundation (ECRF), which would have the right to participate in decisions on sovereign debt ratings and credit rating agencies.
Consequently, the common register is a first and important step in controlling and safeguarding transparent action by interest groups.
Consequently, the provisions laid down in Directive 2003/37/EC relating to agricultural and forestry tractors, their trailers and interchangeable towed machinery, together with their systems, components and separate technical units, apply to this directive.
Consequently, the provisions laid down in Directive 2003/37/EC relating to agricultural or forestry tractors, their trailers and interchangeable towed machinery, together with their systems, components and separate technical units, apply to this directive.
Consequently, the report draws attention to the need to modernise both initial and continuing vocational education and training, proposes concluding basic education with a career aptitude assessment and stresses the importance of initial training for teachers.
Consequently, the rules of the game have been modified during the match, to the disadvantage of the two players. I personally support the positive conclusions of the report and praise the author for them but, although I can understand the political reasons for amending the recommendation - the basis of politics is, after all, compromise - I cannot ignore the fact that the new conditionality suggested might facilitate a subjective interpretation of it. I pray to God that I am wrong.
Consequently, there is no longer any reason why they cannot integrate into this area of free movement. I would find it unacceptable if certain States, under false pretexts and motivated by internal political calculation, continued to oppose it. The Community acquis should not be regarded as an à la carte system where Member States can adapt or suspend provisions as circumstances dictate.
Consequently, they are unable to start a life on their own and often become an unbearable burden on households, creating a vicious circle of unsatisfactory education and joblessness.
Consequently, this own-initiative report by Parliament should form the basis for future discussions, even if, in my view, it does err on the side of consensus and caution.
Consequently, those wild species that naturally colonise these special habitats that the forest provides merit particular attention from forest owners as they contribute to preserving biodiversity.
Consequently, we need to improve the quality of transportation services, creating favourable conditions for cash-in-transit companies to provide services quickly and efficiently.
Consider this: only a year ago, the euro area Member States agreed on a conditional loan package to Greece in order to prevent a meltdown of our financial system.
Considering recent developments, it would be wrong to say that the debt crisis is no longer a burden for the European economy, yet it would be equally wrong to claim that the EU has not responded to the crisis.
Considering that the territorial cooperation has proved its effectiveness in promoting the harmonious development of the Union as a whole, it's now fundamental to increase its budget from the actual 2.5% to at least the 7% of the overall cohesion policy resources for the next programming period.
Considering the high added value that the GNSS and Galileo projects generate for EU industrial policy, it is essential to ensure their success. A targeted action plan is the best way of giving fresh impetus and contributing significantly to targets on safety and the environment as well as to those on traffic flow improvement for road transport.
Considering the numerous political and economic changes that have taken place since the Seventh Framework Programme was adopted, it is necessary to amend FP7 to reflect the situation of the new reality.
Considering the significant economic returns from such programmes, I voted in favour of the Remek report which calls on the Commission and the Member States to ensure sufficient funding in order to make sure these projects are completed by 2018, thus asserting themselves as credible challengers to the American system.
Consistency, credibility and strong, decisive, single-minded use of the budget as a fundamental instrument for fighting the crisis and compensating for Member States' consolidation policies - these are all issues that require a serious commitment on our part, that must truly ensure we once again play a crucial role in the security of the European Union, and above all - and this is my major concern - that invite us not to waste the opportunity of the trialogue.
Consistency, credibility and the ambitious Europe 2020 strategy therefore also become decisive and fundamental in guaranteeing the stability we need today within the European Union, as well as with regard to our single currency.
Consumer protection being a complex issue, an approach reflecting all of the above was needed from the outset.
Consumer rights (final vote) (
Consumer rights and protection under EU law is one of the fundamental principles of the functioning of the internal market. I believe adequate consumer protection and security are fundamental to the proper functioning of the markets and to trade, which constitute an essential condition of competitiveness and growth.
Consumer rights are of critical importance to the effective functioning of the single market. I voted in favour of the report because it proposes measures that will ensure that there is protection for consumers everywhere in the Union.
Consumer rights require continuous care, both in the area of legislation, including the scope of regulation, the subject of regulation and the obligations and rights of the parties, and also in the area of the observance of these rights.
Consumers benefit where labels contain information about materials that pose a health hazard or that cause allergic reactions.
Consumers can still find cloned products on their dinner tables, unsolicited and unlabelled, even though 77% of European citizens are opposed to this. I would say to the Council that banning clones alone is the politics of symbolism.
Consumers have no confidence in cross-border commerce and companies face huge administrative and legal difficulties if they want to expand their activities in other EU Member States.
Consumers must be provided with accurate information on the presence of non-textile animal-derived products, such as fur, so that they can make informed choices.
Consumers very often complain that their right to benefit from all the privileges of the single market is incomplete, and this is reflected in the lack of trust in online transactions and in the feeling of legal uncertainty concerning the scope of the protection which should be enjoyed by consumers.
Consumers will be better informed on contract terms and conditions of sale, as well as on delivery times and the possibility of withdrawing from the contract. I have in mind, for example, the period for a refund in the case of returned goods, which will be considerably reduced, providing a guarantee to the consumer from a financial point of view as well, and the right to reconsider, which will be extended to 14 days.
Consumers will gain through more affordable purchases and enhanced access to high-quality services.
Consumers will no longer run the risk of buying textile products that are potentially harmful to their health perhaps because they have been treated with chemical agents.
Contemporaneously, it will promote political dialogue on necessary reforms which aim to strengthen the cooperation between the two parties, by supporting a partnership framework in which to develop a sustainable fisheries policy and responsible exploitation of fishery resources in the Seychelles' fishing zone.
Continuing with old programmes and designing new programmes has to be given in-depth scrutiny.
Contract law determines and organises transactions within the Internal Market; its potential for both hindering and facilitating those transactions is therefore obvious.
Contracts are the fundamental links in relationships between companies and consumers.
Contrary to all the proclamations of solidarity at election propaganda time, what we have is a policy of social regression and of prolonged economic recession.
Contrary to international law, according to which the promotion and protection of a national minority is the responsibility of the State in which that minority lives, this constitution also stipulates that Hungary is responsible for the fate of Hungarians abroad.
Conversely, I cannot share the guidelines of Mrs Sanchez-Schmid's report on cultural industries, since these guidelines would introduce a commercial rationale, subject to market forces, to cultural goods.
Conversely, like numerous consumer associations, I deplore the fact that options have been provided so that Member States can bypass certain provisions in the directive with commercial or sector interests in mind.
Conversely, the European Union wishes to create proximity where history had created distance, misunderstanding and sometimes hatred.
Cooperating in order to improve vocational education and training means reducing the youth unemployment rate, equipping workers with cognitive tools and providing greater and simplified funding opportunities.
Cooperation between the Commission and Parliament is essential, not only for a good start in shaping the proposal, but also for a happy end to the negotiations which are extremely difficult in the present context.
Cooperation between the Court of Auditors and the Committee on Budgetary Control, of which I am a member, is excellent, and this cooperation has produced certain recommendations on how the European Parliament should vote when granting discharge.
Cooperation between the various institutes and learning in the various disciplines, which are taught differently in the various countries depending also on the political awareness of the ruling classes, also represents a key contribution to the definition of a European identity.
Cooperation in this area will help to establish dialogue with societies from different cultures. I am also a supporter of what is called 'brand Europe', and the development and promotion of this, in such areas as support for talent, tourism and the propagation of universal values, for example, should be based on closer collaboration between the EU's Member States.
Cooperation in vocational education and training to support the Europe 2020 strategy (short presentation) 
Cooperation with Parliament has been very positive so far, and we trust that we can count on Parliament's support for the next steps.
Coordinating EU funding and actions is clearly a better way for us to achieve our common goals, as opposed to individual actions.
Coordination and clear lines of information and communication remain the core of our ability to be effective in such situations.
Coordination within the European Parliament is key, as is coordination with the European Commission and the newly established External Action Service.
Core assessments have been made on the implementation of the programmes, while taking into account for the purposes of comparative analysis differences of several months, because such differences could influence the volume of allocations made to a particular sector.
Core assessments have similarly been made on the strategic reporting exercise, which provides timely evidence of the progress of implementation throughout the whole of Europe, offering a basis for high-level debate, peer review, policy learning and an incentive to improve the quality of performance, even if there are certain limitations in these reports.
Core labour standards are embedded in the eight ILO conventions that focus on the freedom of association and collective bargaining, the elimination of forced and compulsory labour, the elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and occupation and the abolition of child labour.
Core labour standards are embedded in the eight ILO conventions that focus on the freedom of association and collective bargaining, the elimination of forced and compulsory labour, the elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and occupation, and the abolition of child labour.
Core labour standards are embedded in the eight ILO conventions which focus on the freedom of association and collective bargaining, the elimination of forced and compulsory labour, the elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and occupation and the abolition of child labour.
Core labour standards are embedded in the eight International Labour Organisation (ILO) conventions that focus on the freedom of association and collective bargaining, the elimination of forced and compulsory labour, the elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and occupation, and the abolition of child labour.
Core labour standards embedded in the eight ILO conventions focus on the freedom of association and collective bargaining, the elimination of forced and compulsory labour, the elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and occupation, as well as the abolition of child labour.
Corporate social responsibility is only useful as a voluntary exercise if consumers are given reliable and accurate information on the activities of companies, the origin of products and the conditions under which goods are produced and sold.
Corporate social responsibility must be the main aspect of the European social model, in a bid to boost innovation and competitiveness and contribute to employability and job creation, at a time when unemployment rates are increasing drastically and young Europeans, our sustainable force, are looking for alternatives outside the borders of Europe.
Corruption and organised crime are still rife in these countries which are also portals for illegal immigration.
Costs are not apportioned for all the deleterious consequences caused, only for a small number of factors.
Could I just remind her that the South Asia delegation has just been to Sri Lanka - and I see several members of that delegation in the Chamber.
Could I perhaps ask Mr Szájer to reply, on behalf of the EPP Group, whether that means that, from now on, Hungary and the other countries represented will also recognise the Dutch marriage law that allows same-sex couples to get married?
Could it be that someone is intent on getting their hands on the national assets of Belarus? Is not this the reason for this country being randomly selected, especially in view of the fact that you are threatening to use sanctions against its national assets and state-owned companies?
Could not Europe also lend Greece a hand on this matter? Greek accounts are held in banks in Austria, Luxembourg, Cyprus and Switzerland.
Could the Commission envisage carrying out some publicity work to encourage EU citizens to take their hazardous waste to specific places in the Member States? It is extremely important to make our citizens aware of the problem, because without their help in the struggle to manage hazardous waste we will get nowhere.
Could you explain to me and to my electorate how it is possible to instigate common policy in important areas, such as international relations and security, without consensus, unless we dispense with the democratic rights of Member States to project their own aspirations unilaterally?
Could you explain to me why taxpayers should fund political parties at any level? Maybe you could explain to me how useful they are for the EU's aims.
Council Directive 76/432/EEC of 6 April 1976 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to the braking devices of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors has been substantially amended several times.
Council Directive 80/720/EEC on the approximation of the laws of the States relating to the operating space, access to the driving position and the doors and windows of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors has been substantially amended.
Council Directive 87/402/EEC of 25 June 1987 on roll-over protection structures mounted in front of the driver's seat on narrow-track wheeled agricultural and forestry tractors has been substantially amended several times.
Council representatives, including the Secretary General, did not accept a single invitation from the members of the Committee on Budgetary Control to discuss the Council's expenditure in 2009.
Countless factors have a bearing on this growth, which is not unconnected to the deepening of the crisis of capitalism and its social effects in many countries.
Countries joining the Schengen area must continue to comply with all security requirements because the security of the Schengen area really depends on the rigour and effectiveness with which each Member State carries out controls at its external borders, as well as on the quality and speed with which information is exchanged through the Schengen Information Service.
Countries like Portugal are drifting ever further from the promised economic and social development that would move them closer to the EU average.
Countries that fail to meet the obligations in the preventive and corrective part of the Stability and Growth Pact may be subject, unless they take appropriate measures (the suitability of which will be decided by the Council) and present a rebalancing plan, to the application of financial sanctions equal to 0.1% of GDP.
Country of origin must be indicated, and I would definitely support even the indication of the EU Member State, trusting the wisdom of costumers who support their own economies, as everyone will see, say, a Bulgarian, a Czech, a Hungarian or a German person, that they are buying a product manufactured in their own country.
Coupled with the 'one in, one out' policy for regulation that my own government is operating, these measures should begin to achieve our objective.
Covering the period between 2007 and 2013, the EU has at its disposal a budget of almost EUR 17 billion to combat poverty, to help achieve the Millennium Development Goals and to promote democratic governance in developing countries.
Creating a European statute for artists, introducing a reduced VAT rate for cultural goods and improving the distribution of legal digital offers are appropriate and essential measures for ensuring the international cultural influence of the European Union.
Creating a common register is useful for lobbyists too, as they only need to register once.
Creating a secure future for our young people is a subject close to my heart.
Creativeness that is undermined is creativeness that is doomed to disappear.
Creators and inventors would not be able to receive fair remuneration and they would gradually disappear.
Credible and reliable military systems and capabilities are an essential condition for the development of an independent security and defence policy. I believe, however, that a common political will needs to be adopted over the long term in order to strengthen the EU's ability to respond to crises, while safeguarding its strategic independence.
Credit institutions have to a certain extent provided what we call, in French law, a form of unfair assistance to an over-indebted structure.
Credit rating agencies (CRAs) are information middlemen that promote liquidity and transparency in the market by reducing asymmetries in information in the capital markets and facilitating access to the global market, and by reducing the cost of information and making use of the potential of creditors and investors.
Credit rating agencies (CRAs) fulfil several useful purposes: they aggregate information on the credit quality of issuers, enabling issuers to access global and domestic markets, reducing information costs and widening the potential pool of investors, thus providing markets with liquidity.
Credit rating agencies (CRAs) provide ratings for three different sectors - the public sector, companies and structured finance instruments - and played a significant role in the path that led to the financial crisis, through the assignment of faulty ratings to structured finance instruments, which had to be downgraded on average three to four notches during the crisis.
Credit rating agencies (short presentation) 
Credit rating agencies must accept responsibility for what they actually do, and therefore I believe that we should make them liable, obviously not for the rating as such, but for failures and negligence in their work.
Credit rating agencies were earning fees, from financial institutions, for awarding ratings on their products, and from the resulting business of selling those products.
Crime, and organised crime in particular, has never been held back by borders or border controls.
Criminals are now communicating with one another via the Internet, rather than by mobile phone, which had been the method of choice until recently.
Criteria such as employment will therefore be taken into account when we define the ceilings for agricultural income aid.
Croatia asked to join the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction in 2005.
Croatia continues to be located on one of the main trafficking routes for drugs into the EU. We are certainly in favour of the government's adoption of a national programme for preventing drug use among young people, with the aim of updating the existing programmes.
Croatia does, however, need to step up the fight against drug trafficking on its territory as this continues to be one of the main routes for drug trafficking into the EU.
Croatia is a transit route through which illegal drugs are smuggled on the way from production countries to consumer countries.
Croatia is situated on one of the main trafficking routes for drugs into the EU. Its participation in the work programme of the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction will provide the European Union with factual information on drug trafficking and use in Croatia, and will enable Croatia to understand the scale of its drug-related problems and adopt best practice to deal with them.
Croatia is, in fact, on one of the sea transit routes commonly used by organised crime to bring illegal drugs from producing countries to consuming countries.
Croatia straddles the transit route through which drugs are illegally smuggled from producer countries to consumer countries.
Croatia will be linked to the European Information Network on Drugs and Drug Addiction (REITOX) and will share data with the EMCDDA, subject to the data protection requirements of the Union and national law.
Croatia, as a candidate country for EU membership, has a duty to adapt its legal system to the system which is in force in the countries of the Union. I think that Croatia's participation in the work of the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction is extremely important, particularly because Croatia is a transit route.
Cross border selling will become easier, helping both consumers and traders alike.
Crucial elements in that policy would be support for the work of the UN and a clarification of the EU's policy with regard to the UN.
Crucially, the European Union must step up its strategy to combat those phenomena which harm the forest, such as forest fires and atmospheric pollution.
Cultivation of GM crops should be the decision of individual Member States.
Cultural and creative industries (CCIs) should be at the centre of a new European policy agenda, in line with the economic needs of the sector and measures aimed at adapting to innovations in the digital age. I agree that in order to increase this sector's potential, the European Digital Agenda initiative must be implemented successfully in order to enable European CCIs to benefit fully from, and to adapt successfully to, all the opportunities created by far-reaching, high-speed broadband and by new wireless technologies.
Cultural and creative industries are currently also important drivers of economic and social innovation in many other sectors.
Cultural and creative industries are not only a source of wealth and employment but also contribute to Europe's social and cultural fabric.
Cultural diplomacy has an important role to play when it comes to building successful relations with third countries and, in many countries, there is a network of national institutes for culture, EUNIC, that we can make use of. There are many, many people who have linked in to the network and stand ready to help.
Cultural identity, values and the EU's position on the global stage are intertwined.
Cultural policy also allows the EU to connect with other countries with which no other form of partnership has been agreed on. Support for the cultural dimension in those countries in North Africa which are now building a new, more democratic society is also especially important.
Culture contributes to the fight against poverty and marginalisation, and plays a part in strengthening and preserving the common European spirit and heritage.
Culture equally has economic value: Europe's cultural industries contribute to European entrepreneurship, innovation and business and the EU's diverse cultural landscape makes it the most attractive global tourist destination in the world. A vibrant cultural climate makes living in the EU attractive for businesses and people alike. A coherent, coordinated EU strategy on culture in the EU's external actions does not currently exist and needs to be developed.
Culture is a vector of openness and a motor of democracies, counteracting every nationalist reaction, racist temptation and exclusion.
Culture is a vector of openness and a motor of democracies, counteracting every nationalist reaction, racist temptation and the exclusions that are nourished by the economic and financial, and climate and food crises.
Culture is the basis of everything, the basis of the future for the European Union as a whole, and that is why it is important to ensure that it is acknowledged, not just in the light of GDP, but as a value in itself, both for people and societies, and, ultimately, for the entire European Union.
Culture plays a role in bilateral agreements on development and trade, and through measures such as the European instruments for Development Cooperation, for Stability, for Democracy and Human Rights and for Pre-Accession, the European Neighbourhood Policy (ENP), the Eastern Partnership, the Union for the Mediterranean and the European Instrument for Democracy and Human Rights (EIDHR), which mostly allocate resources to various cultural programmes. I agree that there is a need to strengthen cultural and educational exchanges with third countries, which would strengthen civil society, foster democratisation and good governance, promote human rights and fundamental freedoms and provide building blocks for lasting cooperation.
Culture plays an extremely important role in the European Union, which is an area aiming to be 'united in diversity'. First of all, we should stress its undeniable integrationist aspect, which enables the existence of shared areas: that is, points at which people with different cultural perspectives find themselves with shared representation.
Culture should be a vital and horizontally integrated element among the broad spectrum of external policies which make up the EU's foreign policy: from the EU's trade relations to its enlargement and neighbourhood policy, to its development cooperation policy and its common foreign and security policy.
Culture should play a unifying role externally as well as internally, and therefore, in the relations of the Secretariat for Economic Monitoring (SEAE), European culture could be the standard-bearer of European values, which, through dialogue with cultures outside Europe, should contribute to peaceful cooperation and constructive understanding between peoples.
Culture, identity, values and the EU's position on the global stage are intertwined.
Cultures have a calling to enrich one another in a spirit of mutual respect.
Curb indebtedness by constitutional methods to prevent another Greek, Irish, or Portuguese crisis from happening. I suggest you protect with constitutional methods the rights of future generations, just as the new Hungarian constitution does, raising environmental, budgetary, and demographic sustainability to the level of constitutional principles.
Current environmental conditions are responsible for bringing about changes in European forests.
Current events show that the European Stability and Growth Pact is not very efficient and has failed to prevent several Member States from encountering serious problems in their balance of payments and in paying off their debt.
Current signals from Geneva have not been positive, and the Commissioner admitted not so long ago that the negotiations were in dire straits.
Current unemployment levels, particularly among young people, are worrying and more needs to be done to ensure that young people are able to gain vital skills and qualifications. I strongly believe that the ESF has a valuable role to play in training and educating people.
Currently, Irish bodies receive about €1 million a week from EU research funds, and other opportunities remain for Irish small and medium enterprises (SMEs). It is the SMEs that create 70% of the jobs in the euro area, and the SME sector is at the heart of the European economy.
Currently, free movement is guaranteed on a territory with 42 673 km of external sea and 7 721 km of land borders, covering 25 countries and 400 million citizens.
Currently, the UK contribution is GBP 6.4 billion, rising to over GBP 10 billion if the rebate goes.
Currently, there are 2 million people employed by the forestry sector in the EU, mostly in small and medium-sized enterprises, and the sector earns €300 billion per year.
Currently, too many young people are dropping out of school too early and not enough are taking advantage of higher education.
Cutting expenses hurts, but remains the only way back to growth and stability.
Cutting funds for culture and education at times of crisis - as my country is doing, on the grounds that culture is not essential to survival - means failing to invest in the future and in smart, inclusive growth; it means failing to understand that culture is essential for life.
Cutting the resources from existing programmes will not replace the need for additional new resources if we want to set new objectives for the European Union, if we want European integration to provide real added value, including for taxpayers, who rightly watch every penny allocated to the European budget.
Cybercrime is becoming a volume crime.
Cybercrime is indeed a growing menace.
Data available to date illustrate that - roughly - a mere 2.7% of European GDP will be channelled into research at the end of the decade, despite the Member States' clear commitment to spend at least 3% for that purpose.
Data provided by the Polish Ministry of Education show that in Poland, there are 8 400 public nursery schools and 1 600 private ones, and that there are around 1.6 million children aged from three to six years.
Data supplied by Eurobarometer and gathered by Coldiretti in Italy show that in a food emergency, 43% of Italians, for example, avoid the foods they have heard about for a certain length of time, whereas 13% cut them out of their diet for good.
Dear Mr. President, I voted in favour of this report because it insists on the fact that the framework for preventing and correcting macroeconomic imbalances should complement a Union strategy for growth and jobs aimed at boosting the Union's competitiveness and social stability.
Dear Mr. President, I voted in favour of this report because it stresses that the European territorial cooperation, with its significant contribution to the multi-level governance model, is one of the pillars of the cohesion policy.
Dear President, I abstained on the vote on the Wortmann-Kool and the Feio reports which look to revise the Stability and Growth Pact. I am glad that the reports are strong on the need to avoid debts and deficits, and they have certainly been drafted according to an economic philosophy that I support.
Dear colleagues, I believe that on the basis of the overwhelming majority of positive comments and evaluations in this Chamber today by Members of Parliament, as well as the evaluations of the Commission and of Council, warm congratulations are due to Bulgaria and Romania.
Dear colleagues, I would like to thank you all for your attention and solidarity, which the nations of the Baltic countries have been looking forward to for so many years.
Debates on cases of breaches of human rights, democracy and the rule of law(debate) 
Debt restructuring would cut Greece's access to financial markets for a very long time, and the goal of the EU/IMF programme is indeed a relatively rapid return to the markets to finance the Greek sovereign debt so that European taxpayers do not have to guarantee loans to do that.
Decisions on the best way to handle such situations should be taken at European Union level, avoiding unilateral action by Member States.
Decisive action must also be taken against the various forms of fraud aimed at consumers. I see this petition as a step in the right direction, which should be followed by further measures, and, therefore, I have voted in favour of it.
Declarative statements by President Medvedev are neither a proof nor a guarantee of real progress. I would like to remind you that whilst Russia is trying to join the WTO, it disregards, according to suitability, different international obligations, especially regarding human rights.
Declare that the Assad family will never be considered by the European Union as the real representatives of the Syrian people, and that they will be accountable for their crimes.
Defence policy is one of the areas most jealously guarded by the Member States.
Deficits and sustainable growth cannot go hand in hand.
Demanding budget increases in this difficult situation is out-of-touch and scandalous.
Democracy is about being able to say bye-bye as well as hello, and that is important: knowing that you have the right to use your ballot box, once, twice, three times, four times to change your government, to demand of your government, is critical, and you can only do that when democracy is deep and flourishing.
Democracy is based on people's freely expressed desire. I call on the Council and Commission to urge the authorities in Azerbaijan to respect human rights, especially those relating to the freedom of expression and peaceful demonstration, as well as to take concrete measures to combat corruption and reform the justice system.
Democracy matters for the whole of Europe so, yes, I do believe that we are seeing a Sovietisation of Europe.
Deplorably enough, however, in the joint motion for a resolution, we do not find a single word of condemnation of the United States authorities or of the European countries that were complicit with them in this activity.
Deportations in Europe reached a peak, in particular, in the middle of the century as a result of the Nazi regime and the Communist regime of the Soviet Union.
Despite a certain timidity and arrogance on the part of the Council with regard to this crisis, I believe we need to show this cohesion.
Despite a series of hindrances - such as the economic crisis, the persistent inability to close the gap with the United States and increasing competition from emerging countries - the Seventh Framework Programme (FP7) has proved that it can offer added value to European research and development. FP7 is a chance for the European Union to make its research policy match its economic and social ambitions, particularly by consolidating the European Research Area (ERA). Looking at Mr Audy's report, I agree on the objectives highlighted in the mid-term review, particularly with regard to the simplification of administrative procedures, the participation of small and medium-sized enterprises through the Cooperation programme, and revamping and intensifying the Risk-Sharing Finance Facility.
Despite all the more or less sentimental constructions that we might make, the truth is that it is by analysing gross domestic product (GDP) that we can achieve a reliable image of societies' state of development and progress.
Despite already being the object of resolutions of this Parliament, the last of which was in 2010, the old request that the country of origin be marked and that information be made available about the origin of various goods has been postponed, which we regret.
Despite already being the object of resolutions of this Parliament, the last of which was in 2010, the old request that the country of origin be marked and that information be made available about the origin of various goods has been postponed.
Despite having a few doubts about the excessive reach of the text - which falls within the ambit of the Europe 2020 strategy - I think the objectives of the resolution are most welcome. I therefore voted in favour of Mr Coelho's report on verifying the necessary conditions for the application of the Schengen acquis, which is a prerequisite for the abolition of internal border controls with Bulgaria and Romania.
Despite important aspects, which we acknowledge, such as the refusal to cut the CAP's overall budget or the proposal to keep planting rights in the wine sector, the report's content is profoundly negative, advocating a CAP whose consequences constitute a very clear step towards the decline and destruction of Portuguese agriculture.
Despite low tariffs, I think it is quite clear that bilateral trade volumes between the EU and Japan lag behind the bulk of the EU's trade partnerships with its other main trading partners. I think this is mostly due to the non-tariff barriers.
Despite some initial difficulties, it was possible for the three European institutions to come to an understanding, which amounts to a very satisfactory result.
Despite the Court of Auditors stating that the agency's accounts are reliable, and the fact that the agency effectively coordinated the network of agencies during the process of discharging the budget for the financial year 2009, the rapporteur singled out that it had not provided sufficient information for comparing actions carried out with subsequent years. I deem such information relevant and there should be an accompanying table annexed to the next report by the Court of Auditors, as is suggested.
Despite the commendable efforts of the Swedish and Belgian presidencies, the Member States have not managed to reach agreement to this day. I can assure the honourable Members that the Hungarian Presidency is striving to find the way to progress with regard to the particularly problematic issues of this proposal and will continue to do all it can to bring the matter to a successful conclusion.
Despite the creation of the financial instruments developed by the Commission and the European Investment Bank (EIB), such as the Joint European Resources for Micro to Medium Enterprises (Jeremie), Joint Assistance to Support Projects in European Regions (Jaspers) and Joint European Support for Sustainable Investment in City Areas (Jessica), and the other Structural Funds, the results have fallen short of expectations. I therefore agree with the rapporteur's recommendations on the preparation of comprehensive and integrated financial planning so that the funds can be allocated to projects aimed at achieving the objectives set out in the Europe 2020 strategy, rather than to actions that merely consume these same funds.
Despite the decree issued by the President in March of this year in which he officially authorised a longer stay in Guantánamo for some prisoners, the Union hopes - no, in fact, expects - the government of the United States to continue to discuss this subject in Congress and to work towards closing the detention camp as quickly as possible.
Despite the difficulties encountered in the negotiations, due not least to the highly sensitive international context, the work that has resulted in the proposal for a directive on the management of spent fuel and radioactive waste has succeeded in outlining a coherent, harmonised legislative framework to ensure that this kind of waste is managed safely, no matter what applications and consequences nuclear energy may have in the future. I believe this is where the great strength of the proposal in question lies.
Despite the diversity of opinions regarding how the sector should be managed, there is a point of agreement which it is important to stress: fishing is extremely important to the European population's food supply and a source of employment for the majority of the EU's coastal communities, where there are no other jobs.
Despite the economic crisis we are experiencing, it is important to maintain these instruments for aiding developing countries so that they may be able, in the near future, to increase their levels of wealth, with the inherent improvement in the living conditions of the populations in these so-called emerging countries.
Despite the eight International Labour Organisation (ILO) conventions, according to the ILO itself, more than 50% of workers do not enjoy social rights, in particular, immigrants, women and children.
Despite the fact that Canada is a developed country, where very few questions could be raised over the level of respect for social rights and the highest environmental standards, the Commission - before Parliament, even - has set out a basis for negotiations with the equivalent Canadian authorities which goes into detail on many issues that need to be modified in order for us to be satisfied.
Despite the fact that Europe is still behind the US and is losing the lead it had over the developing economies, the results of the Seventh Framework Programme demonstrate the added value of this European programme for research and development in Europe.
Despite the fact that Japan suffered one of the biggest ever earthquakes recorded, followed by one of the biggest tsunamis that has ever occurred, even though they were not prepared for them, even though they had not even carried out the improvements suggested, even though nothing had been done to ensure that there would be a supply of power in the event of emergencies, and even though the Japanese made other mistakes right at the start, there were few personal injuries.
Despite the fact that approximately 500 000 hectares of EU forest are lost every year as a result of forest fires and illegal logging, the long-term trend of increasing forest coverage in the EU appears stable.
Despite the fact that the EU has opened up its markets, our companies face huge problems if they want to access public sector markets in third countries. I feel that significant political attention must be given to this issue as a matter of urgency.
Despite the fact that the position of Parliament on the revision of the Euratom Treaty is only of consultative value, MEPs have sent a clear message to the Council: the EU must provide itself with the appropriate means to develop a responsible energy policy that it can hand on to future generations.
Despite the fact that the report contains many good measures, it is unfavourable to agriculture in Europe, because it does not support the idea of full alignment of direct payments, it strengthens discrimination against the new Member States, and it also maintains the absurd situation in which, in the area of agriculture, the wealthy countries are helped more, and the poor ones less.
Despite the fact that there has been a lengthy debate as to whether the EU needs a forestry policy or not, I am very pleased to see that appreciation of the economic, social and environmental functions of forests was a common theme in the stakeholder and Council input and that this concern is again evident today in the report drafted by Kriton Arsenis.
Despite the fact that this activity is viewed in very negative terms in France, it is not entirely illegitimate for interest groups, whether commercial, social, trade unions, etc. to make their points of view and expertise known, especially to the less knowledgeable civil servants and elected representatives.
Despite the fact that work on the simplification of procedures has slowed down during the more than two years spent on this dossier, I would note that Parliament proposed extending the original scope of the regulation, in particular to include provisions concerning the country of origin of textile products, so I am glad that a balanced compromise has been reached. I would point out, however, that my group decided to approve the proposal in its initial version, which provides rapid benefits for business and consumers.
Despite the fact that, as I understand it, it was asked to cease trading by the high court in Catalonia in 2001 and was found to be guilty of misleading practices in the Belgian courts and by the United Kingdom Office of Fair Trading, it continues to trade.
Despite the full integration of this new rule, the Committee on Constitutional Affairs has been charged with clarifying and consolidating the content of this provision so that it is more readily understandable, particularly in the context of the ordinary legislative procedure.
Despite the improvements in this area, IAs by the European Commission and European Parliament could improve even further.
Despite the logical conclusions that you have outlined today, I am still not clear about the consequences of the forthcoming test.
Despite the many proposals that have been seen through in the last three years - I am thinking of the Late Payments Directive in particular - a lot of progress remains to be achieved to make things easier for small and medium-sized enterprises, not only in respect of the administrative burden they have to deal with, but also the difficulty in accessing funding that they experience.
Despite the obstacles to trade liberalisation that still remain and the Union's reservations regarding current practices in Canada, I hope that the necessary bases can be established for a mutually beneficial trade partnership sooner rather than later. A comprehensive economic and commercial agreement between Canada and the European Union could end up being the most ambitious and wide-ranging that we have yet concluded. I hope that will be the case.
Despite the ongoing fighting and its spread to various parts of Libya, humanitarian organisations are doing a remarkable job in preventing a major humanitarian disaster.
Despite the repeated criticisms they have received in Europe and the US, the reputation of agencies has not really suffered.
Despite the success of this vote, given the cross-border implications for the safety and health of European citizens, I regret the minor role that Parliament has been given in nuclear matters as it has only a consultative role in this matter.
Despite the understandable focus on the problems in the south, we must not forget how important our eastern neighbours are.
Despite these difficulties, I congratulate the Foundation on its intention to improve the performance of Vocational Education and Training (VET) systems in the Foundation partner countries ('Torino Process') while at the same time undertaking a thorough review of its recruitment procedures.
Despite this figure, I believe it essential that the principles of economy, efficiency and effectiveness be applied.
Despite this, I consider the clause to be backward and needlessly submissive to the populist pressure of the French and Italian premiers.
Despite this, I do think it is important for the European Union to seek the application of the International Labour Organisation's rules and agreements in international treaties with third countries, because it seems to me, as we learn more about the labour market and working conditions in Asia, Africa and other corners of the world, that we must strive to ensure that significant improvements are made in the status of workers in these regions and areas too.
Despite this, we found common ground and also achieved some specific objectives, for example, the protection of certain parts from land speculation, greater protection of forests which are prized for their biodiversity, such as the northern Boreal and Mediterranean forests, and a ban on building on land cleared by arson.
Detainees were refused the opportunity to call their witnesses and to meet in proper conditions and on a regular basis with their legal representatives.
Developing the concept of corporate social responsibility is the other interesting aspect of the report because, although it is currently a useful concept, it is still based on voluntary participation and therefore has room for improvement.
Development aid must therefore provide support for state infrastructures and increase the population's access to basic services that are organised at the moment by non-governmental organisations (NGOs) and international organisations.
Development assistance implemented by the United Nations must focus especially on achieving the Millennium Development Goals, with particular attention to the Least Developed Countries.
Development cooperation is the only external action policy which defends the most marginalised and vulnerable groups of society.
Developments in the investment climate and the rule of law are essential components in Russia's forward development.
Dialogue between Russia and the EU should be extended to all sectors and we should move towards a strategic partnership for our common future. I consider that we have common interests with Russia, which we should utilise constructively in order to reach specific agreements on trade, on energy, in order to move towards a transparent and reliable energy policy, and on facilitating the movement of people between Russia and the EU, by making it easier to obtain a visa.
Dialogue is difficult, but a desire for peace has been very clearly expressed. I should like the European Parliament to continue to pay close attention to this important development, because the Basque Country is at the very heart of Europe.
Did the Pakistani authorities really not know about this? Last year, the Veneto region was also hit by extremely serious floods, which crippled many local textile companies.
Did you, or do you intend to, engage with Member States and with the Israeli authorities to discuss the development of this initiative and maybe to propose a positive contribution by the European Union that could lead to a more responsible outcome?
Different national requirements for the project partners often make cooperation and the implementation of specific, sustainable projects more difficult.
Digital services and personal data are very important in Europe as well. I am convinced that India can fulfil European conditions concerning personal data, although the EU is amending them at the moment and will probably change them as technology develops.
Digital television and wireless broadband can develop successfully in parallel and we should not forget that broadband Internet access also offers high cultural and social value.
Diplomatic consultations with the World Trade Organisation definitely require time because the concerns of the Union's trade partners must be taken into account.
Direct investment is certainly not the miracle cure claimed during the economic transformation of Central and Eastern Europe, for example.
Directive 1999/62/EC on the charging of heavy goods vehicles for the use of certain infrastructures allows Member States, if they so wish, to also charge road users for some external costs.
Directive 70/157/EEC is one of the separate directives of the EC type-approval system provided for in Directive 2007/46/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 5 September 2007 establishing a framework for the approval of motor vehicles and their trailers, and of systems, components and separate technical units intended for such vehicles, and lays down technical prescriptions concerning the permissible sound level and the exhaust system of motor vehicles.
Directive 76/432/EEC is one of the separate directives of the EC type-approval system provided for in Council Directive 74/150/EEC, as replaced by Directive 2003/37/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 May 2003 on type-approval of agricultural or forestry tractors, their trailers and interchangeable towed machinery, together with their systems, components and separate technical units, and repealing Directive 74/150/EEC, and lays down technical prescriptions concerning braking devices.
Directive 80/720/EEC is one of the separate directives on the EC type-approval system provided for in Directive 74/150/EEC, as replaced by Directive 2003/37/EC and of the Council of 26 May 2003 on type-approval of agricultural or forestry tractors, their trailers and interchangeable towed machinery, together with their systems, components and separate technical units, and repealing Directive 74/150/EEC, and lays down technical prescriptions concerning the design and construction of agricultural or forestry tractors as regards the operating space, access to the driving position as well as the doors and windows.
Directive 86/415/EEC is one of the separate directives of the EC type-approval system provided for in Council Directive 74/150/EEC, as replaced by Directive 2003/37/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 May 2003 on type-approval of agricultural or forestry tractors, their trailers and interchangeable towed machinery, together with their systems, components and separate technical units, and repealing Directive 74/150/EEC, and lays down technical prescriptions concerning the installation, location, operation and identification of controls.
Discussions of tricky subjects like extraction from tar sands and the associated environmental impact, ILO standards, as well as the recognition of technical standards and the traceability of food products, must also continue on equal terms in order to reach a consensus.
Disselkoen has once again paid a large amount of money as bail and is back in the Netherlands, but his case shows that the European Arrest Warrant may lead to degrading situations.
Divergence of contract law at national level leads to additional transaction costs, legal uncertainty for companies and a lack of consumer confidence in the Internal Market.
Divergences in contract law in the Member States create structural problems that discourage businesses and consumers.
Do more in Syria and do not lend your support to half-baked solutions.
Do not forget that if we lose antibiotics as a weapon, we will be back to the time of our great grandmothers when what we currently think of as trivial infectious diseases, such as a small child's ear inflammation, could once again become fatal diseases.
Do not misunderstand: I know that humanitarian aid is apolitical and that humanitarian workers must not be put at risk but, in the primary objective of saving lives, sometimes it is only the military who have the equipment or people to achieve that - delivering aid at speed, putting in place the infrastructure - and that is why, should a UN request arrive, we will be ready to help.
Do not push EU culture; make Italian, German, French, Dutch, British and all the other cultures available for all who want to sample them, and the rest will follow.
Do the state of the public finances of our Member States, our growth prospects and Europe's place in the world match the vision of the founding fathers of Europe? Definitely not: they have evolved and changed.
Do we not have any other message to pass on to the emerging democracies on the other side of the Mediterranean?
Do we really think that the fact that this constitution mentions the rights of the unborn child constitutes a risk for modernity? Do we really think that the fact that the Christian roots of a country are mentioned in this constitution constitutes a risk for identity?
Do we want to deliver the final blow to the European textiles sector? That is certainly not what the Lega Nord want, nor do we intend to accept it.
Do we want to have 27 of those in all kinds of countries in Africa, or do we want to have a single EU one? The latter means that more money will have to go to the EU for that EU embassy, but it also means that 27 times less money is spent in the 27 Member States.
Do you feel that the interest rate which you will have to pay under the future programme should be lowered? Would lowering these interest rates help your country?
Do you find it acceptable that the Union has Member States, for instance France, whose constitution does not contain fundamental rights? My country's new constitution not only contains fundamental rights, but it is the first in the European Union to take the European Charter of Fundamental Rights as a standard.
Do you find it acceptable that the Union has Member States, for instance the United Kingdom, that do not have a unified written constitution? My country's new constitution is a democratic, written constitution.
Do you find it compatible with the prohibition of discrimination based on birth that the European Union has Member States, such as Spain, Belgium or Sweden, where citizens are entitled to hold high-ranking state positions, for instance that of the monarch, based on their birth? My country's new constitution does not apply such discrimination.
Do you know how much money the Member States of the European Union made, just from the sale of arms to Libya in 2009? EUR 343 million.
Do you not think that this contradicts all the principles that have been expressed, including by the Treaty itself?
Do you start the negotiations and then hope that in the course of the negotiations, you can resolve the non-tariff barriers that have been in place for many years, or do you rather try to do away with the majority of the non-tariff barriers as a precondition for negotiations on the free trade agreement? I think that, to a certain extent, we need that conditionality, because the real problem with Japan is not so much tariffs.
Do you want to know what honestly annoys me? We hear a lot said about solidarity.
Documents received: see Minutes
Does he believe the very essence of being a country - having a domestic government, an independent economy and national borders - is inherently wrong? Why not have the guts to just scrap Parliament and take over Europe by force? Name calling, scaremongering and creeping bureaucracy is calculated and megalomaniac.
Does the Commission agree that payments should be reviewed if a region has been receiving structural funding for years without this resulting in it meeting the targets set?
Does the Commission apply efficiency and performance criteria to these agencies? If so, may we see the criteria? Secondly, how do the agencies perform against the criteria? Can the Commission show Parliament an analysis of the agencies' performance? Thirdly, given the considerable functional overlap, has the Commission considered merging them? We have heard about synergies; we want to see them.
Does the Commission have a view on what importance should be given to the role of farmers, in terms of carbon sinks, forests and other measures, when fighting one of the biggest challenges our environment faces today?
Does the Commission have any plans to address the tonnes of EU waste already dumped in African countries? Does the Waste Shipment Regulation need to be revised or is it just a matter of enforcement? This is an urgent problem and action needs to be taken now. I await your response.
Does the Commission intend to accept the application of the principle of reciprocity as part of the existing legal protection methods when it comes to resolving trade disputes? Does the Commission think that, in the long run, the implementation of the 'negative list' approach to deregulating services can set a precedent for other, future negotiations too?
Does the Commission think that the proposed cuts in next year's budget will have a negative impact on the amounts allocated to education, training and boosting employment in the EU in general?
Does the European Union - an important interlocutor of the G8 - support this statement? If it does, have you told the Palestinian side, which is planning to take unilateral action during the United Nations General Assembly meeting in September?
Does the same call for responsible behaviour not deserve to be addressed to all the governments in the EU? Are all the political leaders aware of the impact of the statements they have made about Greece over the last 18 months? The time has come for the European Council to put a stop, tomorrow, to the discord among its members.
Does this make us a key international player with influence to match our economic strength? The answer is a resounding 'No'. Europe is still effectively a bit player, at best a Tom Thumb in politics and geostrategy, despite the ever-increasing expectations of European public opinion.
Dolly the sheep was neither the first nor the last cloned animal.
Domestic work is economically and socially important, but it is work that is poorly paid, routine and undervalued by society.
Domestic work should be legally recognised as work, we should give all domestic workers more rights and prevent violations and abuses in order to establish a legal framework for all domestic workers and ensure that their work does not take place outside the regulatory framework.
Domestic workers are currently excluded from the Maternity Leave Directive and from any European legislation guaranteeing the right to maternity protection, and they are not even covered by the Health and Safety Framework Directive.
Domestic workers are often discriminated against and can easily be subjected to unequal, unfair or abusive treatment. I welcome the ILO initiative to adopt a convention supplemented by recommendations on decent work for domestic workers.
Domestic workers' vulnerability means they are often discriminated against and can easily be subjected to unequal, unfair or abusive treatment.
Dossiers that analyse the effectiveness with which EU legislation has been transposed within Member States are of crucial importance. I echo the conclusions of the rapporteur, especially those that concern the importance of SMEs to European economies and the need to facilitate access to finance as well as the need for greater encouragement for SMEs to enhance innovation, thus increasing competitiveness.
Doubts about the consequences of transposing this directive in the individual Member States and the deletion from the text of the amendment approved by our Member in committee induce me to abstain.
Doubts arose over the fairness and professionalism of their evaluations after the transparency of their operating mechanisms was found to be wanting, and it is therefore time we looked for ways to improve the system for the constant assessment and rating of financial products.
Downward pressure is being exerted on prices by the low production costs and low social, environmental and quality standards in third countries, which cannot be compared with the standards in the EU. When new trading relationships are established, it is essential for us to protect European production levels by including safeguard clauses.
Drawing on the lessons to be learnt from the recent crisis, this report is noteworthy for seeking to prioritise the monitoring and coordination of the economic policies adopted in the various Member States, for the sake of a strong, well-balanced economic union.
Drawing up a new MFF as set out in this report will help devise a long-term action plan which will produce definite results and offer the potential to ensure economic growth for the EU.
Driving position and the doors and windows of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors (
Due account should also be taken of the development of new modules and experience acquired in the course of pilot studies.
Due to a gradual liberalisation of special sectors (water, electricity and gas), in order to protect the enterprises that operate in these areas, we need a qualification system for clients, aimed at ensuring that the competing enterprises are selected efficiently. I am in favour of the motion for a resolution, since it is necessary, in a transparent regime, to keep the fragmentation of EU public procurement law in order to achieve the highest possible levels of competitiveness and efficiency, as set out in our targets.
Due to internal shortcomings, we are at risk of losing our credibility as upholders of respect for human rights outside the EU. This is why I urge genuine protection at EU level for the freedom of expression and press pluralism.
Due to the changes that have taken place in the meantime, particularly as a result of the 2005 World Trade Organisation (WTO) Agreement on Textiles and Clothing, the removal of the first proof of origin for products seems to be justified, and I therefore voted for the repeal of this regulation.
Due to the current crisis and the drastic public spending restrictions, Member States are finding it increasingly difficult to record economic growth. I must stress the need for the EU to respond to demographic challenges.
Due to the reasons mentioned, there will be an increase in transportation costs and the price of freight transportation.
During a period of economic decline, investments are needed to preserve jobs and foster development.
During its negotiations with the EU Council of Ministers, Parliament included new provisions in the regulation, such as those requiring the indication of animal-derived materials in textile products and conducting a study to determine whether there is a causal link between allergic reactions and the chemicals used in textile products.
During my time in Parliament, I have campaigned on many occasions for nuclear safety in the EU. Such a risky technology for generating energy with all its hazardous by-products and fatal consequences for both man and nature in the event of nuclear meltdown should not be glossed over under the pretext of climate protection.
During our debates on strengthening and improving management of the Schengen area, we must at the same time consider the European Union's new migration policy, not only in the context of the situation in North Africa, but also with regard to possible events in the countries neighbouring us to the east.
During the Bosnian war, between 1992 and 1996, Sarajevo suffered the longest siege of a capital city in modern warfare history.
During the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities of the Council of Europe in March 2011, the Ukrainian representatives explained that more time is needed to shake off the Communist past. I think, too, that achieving democracy is not easy, but requires the will to introduce change and take forceful steps.
During the Health Council yesterday, I asked Germany to reinforce surveillance, outbreak controls and measures in order to identify the source of the outbreak and halt the spread of the infection. I also asked that the causes of the contamination should be swiftly dealt with.
During the January debate on the situation in Tunisia and Egypt and the freedom of religious expression, I mentioned the tragic situation of Christians in Arab countries, particularly the Egyptian Coptic Christians, who are being persecuted. I pointed out the radicalisation of Islam, which is directing its aggression against the followers of Christ.
During the current economic and financial crisis where the unemployment rate, especially among young people, has exceeded the 20% mark at EU level and even 30% in some Member States, improving vocational education and training must become a priority for the European Union.
During the debate, it became clear that better and more systematic cooperation between the authorities in the Member States is needed and this will be incorporated into Mrs Reding's communication at the end of the year. I can assure you that we see this issue as being just as urgent as you do. This is why we want to take the next steps as quickly as possible.
During the debate, one of our fellow Members said that letting Romania and Bulgaria join Schengen would be a childish decision. I totally disagree. I believe that when we become adults, we appreciate rational arguments, and if we have been well educated, we recognise when rational arguments are fair.
During the election campaign, my party demanded mandatory registration of lobbyists on a register that is common to all EU institutions.
During the last parliamentary term, the Commission even presented proposals, for example, in respect of the Working Time Directive, which ran completely counter to ILO Convention No 1 on Hours of Work, adopted in 1919, which laid down a working week of 48 hours. I am very glad that Parliament rejected this directive.
During the last year, the Commission discussed and adopted a communication which highlights the options for reducing greenhouse gas emissions by more than 20% in line with the conclusions, in other words, a reduction of 30%. It also considers whether this target is technically and economically feasible and whether it will have an impact on costs, although we assume that the costs will be lower than previous estimates indicated.
During the negotiations on the wider 'six pack' a number of suggestions for improving this Council directive were made, many by the European Central Bank and by Members of this House.
During the negotiations with the EU Council of Ministers, the inclusion of new provisions in the regulation was very important, such as those requiring the indication of animal-derived materials in textile products and conducting a study to determine whether there is a causal link between allergic reactions and chemicals or mixtures used in textile products.
During the negotiations, the Council ignored these legitimate concerns, which is extremely regrettable.
During the past five months, and for the remaining time ahead of us, we will fight to express this, and for the Council to determine that as far as the technical standards are concerned, Romania and Bulgaria are ready to join the Schengen area.
During the previous parliamentary term, the Conference of Presidents created a Working Party on Parliamentary Reform, tasked with reviewing the functioning of Parliament and suggesting improvements.
During the previous parliamentary term, the Conference of Presidents set up a Working Party on Parliamentary Reform, tasked with reviewing the functioning of Parliament and recommending possible improvements.
During the recent financial crisis, many financial institutions around the world failed at great cost to the taxpayer. I support the Commission's initiative to take a critical look at the soundness of financial institutions and of the financial system as a whole, and at the regulation and supervision of the system, in order to prevent any repeat of the crisis in the future and to ensure that the financial sector meets the needs of the real economy and displays the greatest possible degree of social responsibility.
During the recent presentations of South Stream investment plans in Brussels, it was apparent that Russia and Gazprom want privileges and a special status.
During the trialogue, the Commission representatives admitted to us themselves that they have not used any theoretical or econometric model as a basis for making sound predictions and recommendations.
During the vote on the parliamentary report on Innovation Union, I was keen to support the amendment rejecting the idea of controlling innovation by channelling towards innovative activities the resources from the structural funds and from certain sections of the common agricultural policy funds.
During the vote on trade relations between the EU and Japan, I decided to vote for the resolution tabled by the political group which I belong to. This resolution highlighted the need to remove the non-tariff barriers which the Japanese market is subject to and to deregulate access to the Japanese public procurement market before signing a free trade agreement with this country.
During their development, in July 2009, guidelines proposed by the Commission on state aid were adopted, establishing that banks needing financial aid to tackle the crisis should also be subjected to stress tests.
During this entire period, the Schengen Evaluation Working Party has carried out systematic inspections and checks, which have now shown that both countries are sufficiently well prepared to apply the provisions of the Schengen acquis satisfactorily.
During this process, I have not disguised my own scepticism regarding the introduction of origin labelling. I am therefore also pleased that we agreed on a text that merely requires the Commission to analyse the need for origin labelling.
During this whole period, environmental factors must be closely monitored while the waste is being stored, also during its transportation and that of the products obtained from recycling spent fuel.
Dying forests throughout Europe represent both an environmental problem, in terms of natural habitats and climate change, and an economic problem.
EU cohesion policy is part of a European framework of solidarity encompassing the 27 Member States and their 271 regions, and aims to end existing economic and social disparity within the EU. The purpose of this report, drafted by Mr Vlasák, is to follow up the previous report, entitled 'The urban dimension of cohesion policy in the new programming period'. The role of cities, where 80% of the European population lives, as sources of wealth creation, and as hubs of social and economic development is indisputable.
EU cultural attachés will simply mean more highly paid non-jobs for favoured EU civil servants paid for by the contributing countries. I have to also say that it is grossly insensitive of the Commission to make this ludicrous and expensive proposal for unnecessary cultural attachés at a time of universal economic hardship.
EU governments will continue to have the option of imposing universal public service obligations on private operators and of subsidising public services as necessary.
EU legislation providing for this already exists for footwear, and it makes sense to provide our consumers with the same level of information when they buy their clothes.
EU statistics show that more than 25% of young Lithuanians are forced to take low paid work and conclude short-term contracts with insufficient social security guarantees.
EU-Mauritania Fisheries Partnership Agreement (motions for resolutions tabled): see Minutes
Each of the agencies - Eurofund, OSHA, the European Training Foundation and Cedefop - has a specific role to play.
Earlier this week I warned colleagues that heading into a direct confrontation between Parliament and the Council on an issue that I did not believe I could explain to any man on the street would not be a responsible position of this Parliament.
Earlier this week, High Representative Catherine Ashton issued a declaration on behalf of the EU reiterating the EU view that an independent process to address these extremely serious allegations should contribute to strengthening the process of reconciliation and ensuring lasting peace and security in Sri Lanka.
Earlier this year I made some enquiries to the European Commission in response to press reports about shipments of toxic waste from Italy to Romania.
Earlier, we discussed Mr Coelho's report and the need to safeguard Schengen as one of the most beautiful achievements of the European Union.
Early childhood care and education are made available in different ways throughout the European Union, with different definitions of 'quality', which depend significantly on the cultural values of each country and region, and on their interpretation of 'childhood'. Early childhood learning is the basis for successful lifelong learning, which is central to achieving the goals of the Europe 2020 strategy. I therefore voted in favour of the report on early childhood learning which sets out common EU objectives in pursuing the aims of the Barcelona European Council: specifically, that, by 2010, the provision of childcare should be ensured for at least 90% of children between three years old and the mandatory school age, and for 33% of children under the age of three.
Early childhood education and care generally receives less attention and investment than the other education levels.
Early childhood education is fundamental. I totally support the aims previously set out to provide childcare services by 2010 to at least 90% of children between three years of age and the mandatory school age and to at least 33% of children under three years of age.
Early childhood is unquestionably of fundamental importance to the physical, mental and social development of children, and we must therefore understand that the return on investment in pre-school education is the guarantee of future growth.
Early in January 2011, the International Trade Committee made a proposal to the Council to ensure that the procedure was speeded up, but received no answer.
Early years education has far-reaching implications on children's future development and their chances of success later on. Investments made during this period reduce the costs incurred later relating to health matters, the crime rate and antisocial behaviour.
Early years learning is a very important issue that has not received the attention it is due from lawmakers.
Eastern Germany requires support.
Economic development, with the resumption of foreign investment and, above all, tourism, is unthinkable without tolerance, order and stability.
Economic governance should be built on stronger national ownership of commonly agreed rules and policies and on a more robust EU national economic policy surveillance framework.
Economic interests must never be given a higher priority than the health of workers and citizens.
Economic literature has been asking for years whether it is necessary to continue using the rate of growth of GDP as an indicator of the progress made by a geographic area over a given period of time. I believe that there is currently no other indicator that is as concise or complete.
Economic, social and territorial cohesion are fundamental principles in determining all EU policies and activities. I share the rapporteur's view that the economic crisis will force us to be more innovative and to seek a bigger impact from the available funding.
Economic, social and territorial cohesion policy is one of the fundamental pillars of an EU that is conscious not only to promote and develop excellence by encouraging innovation, but also to create convergence and bridge the gaps of and in less developed areas compared with more advanced ones.
Economically, it is farmers who will suffer while this goes on - farmers whose food is perfectly safe.
Economists disagree on many things; however, history has taught us two things: firstly, that you cannot save a bankrupt by giving him expensive loans and, secondly, that extreme austerity can never reduce the deficit of a macro-economy in recession which is unable to depreciate its currency.
Education and training are key factors for greater prosperity and greater social cohesion in Europe.
Education is about our future, it is about having adults who are employable, who are fit, who are healthy, who are not a drain on our social services.
Education is undoubtedly a complex, long-term process, the quality and, in particular, the results of which consequently influence the future careers of young people.
Education, vocational training and also the universal idea of 'lifelong learning' are the building blocks for the future of European integration, which is coming up against ever-new challenges in respect of support for the Europe 2020 strategy.
Effective earmarking of this revenue, which increases accountability and transparency, will not only increase public acceptance but will also ensure the reduction of external costs on road transport.
Effective human resources management appears to be Eurojust's main problem.
Effective multilateralism should be the overriding strategic concern of the Union and, in this context, the EU should take a leading role in international cooperation, support international institutions, facilitate international consensus and advance global action.
Effective spectrum use must be promoted in the EU in order to satisfy the growing need for radio frequencies, and mobile broadband capacity must be increased, ensuring better opportunities for the public and commercial sector.
Efficiency of rural development policies requires close coordination with the implementation of measures under the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development and regional policy instruments alike. A single strategic framework is required for the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF), the Cohesion Fund, the European Social Fund (ESF), the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development (EAFRD) and the European Fisheries Fund (EFF), to ensure a common approach and to increase the synergies between all the financing instruments mentioned.
Efficient use of resources is another aspect also related to the future quality of life in the EU. We are always talking about this, but so far in practice, we have unfortunately taken too little action for our words to be translated into reality.
Efforts must be coordinated to resolve this problem.
Efforts to encourage greater participation by SMEs must also be encouraged at the highest level and we must ensure that bureaucracy is kept to the minimum.
Eighty per cent of the European budget is, indeed, spent in Member States and managed by Member States.
Either these countries will look only to China or to Russia, or they will at least have a chance to look towards Europe. I believe that this is important.
El Khadraoui has done a great job on this report.
Elected representatives enforcing a slashing of living standards for workers should, at the very least, accept that their own privileges undergo the same treatment. I will continue to urge that public representatives be paid an average skilled worker's wage and to advocate the elimination of unnecessary costs, perks, benefits and other privileges.
Elimination of parallel structures, quicker transfer of funds, and harmonisation of FP7 with national priorities can all contribute to making the largest possible number of actors interested in research and innovation activities.
Elsewhere it is dramatic: in the Baltic States, Ireland, Greece and Slovakia, unemployment among young people stands at 30% or above.
Emergency measures therefore need to be adopted that give an immediate and suitable response to the sector's socio-economic needs, such as the creation of a guarantee fund, paid for at Union level, that ensures the stability of fuel prices and the use of all financial possibilities and margins of the EU budget to finance extraordinary support measures for the sector.
Energy accounts for a significant proportion of the fisheries sector's operating costs and the recent fuel price increase has caused the situation of the fisheries sector to deteriorate, with a direct impact on production costs in this sector.
Enforcement measures to correct excessive macroeconomic imbalances in euro area (
Enhanced cooperation and good-neighbourly relations between the European Union and Russia are of major importance for stability, security and prosperity for Europe and beyond. I hope that today's vote will lead to the adoption of decisive measures towards taking a common path based on transparency and the sharing of common missions to complete for the common good. I am referring to those measures necessary to prevent any breach of safety in Europe, including further cooperation on illegal immigration, improved controls at cross-border checkpoints and more effective exchange of information on terrorism and organised crime.
Enhanced cooperation and good-neighbourly relations between the European Union and Russia are of major importance for the stability, security and prosperity of Europe and beyond.
Enhanced coordination between the transnational dimension and the macro-regional strategies, simplified implementation by adopting a separate regulation. A better use of European groupings for territorial cooperation, which are the only purely Community-wide tool for multilevel governance.
Enhancing strategic autonomy in security affairs entails, for the EU, the capacity to agree upon common political objectives and strategic guidelines, to establish strategic partnerships with relevant international organisations, including NATO, and with other countries, to collect adequate information and generate joint analyses and assessments, to harness and, where necessary, pool financial, civilian and military resources, to plan and run effective crisis management operations across the extended range of the Petersburg-type missions, and to frame and implement a common defence policy, laying the first tangible foundations on which to build common defence.
Enhancing the attractiveness and the environment of these discriminated-against territories is to restore confidence among those living there.
Enhancing transparency entails clearly defining what the authorities' responsibilities are and providing a well-founded and coordinated system for informing the general public in order to gain and maintain their confidence in the management of radioactive waste resulting from the nuclear energy production process and from nuclear medicine.
Enlargement, support for civil rights and the establishment of the rule of law, diplomatic relations with the BRIC countries (Brazil, Russia, India and China), the Arab-Palestinian conflict and condemnation of the bloodiest regimes are some of the subjects of the report that I am submitting to your vote.
Enough talking, now let us move on.
Ensure that they are consolidated so that you see it through together, so that you have economies of scale.
Ensuring access to suitable education and appropriate courses is absolutely essential in order to make sure that people finishing school, university or vocational training have no trouble in finding employment in their chosen field.
Ensuring all young children receive equal quality care and education, whatever their age and social condition, is a minimum.
Ensuring that animals are healthy is the best means of avoiding infection and the use of antibiotics.
Ensuring that the skills being learned are in line with the competences - including for citizenship - required for the new goals of sustainable and intelligent growth is essential, as are policies for the transition from education to the workplace and speeding up the recognition of professional qualifications, titles and academic credits.
Ensuring the recovery and future sustainable development of Pakistan is extremely important, not only for its citizens, but also for the security and stability of the region. A stable and prosperous Pakistan that is not subject to extremist or fundamentalist tendencies is obviously in the interests of the European Union.
Ensuring the survival of a doomed energy system will not help fishermen; they, too, will inevitably be doomed as a result of it. Instead, they should be given the opportunity to redeploy their fisheries resources and to refocus their factors of production on energy-saving tools.
Entirely in favour of the implementation of a common European approach for early childhood learning - while respecting the diversity of each Member State's approach - I lend my support to Mrs Honeyball's report, which recommends establishing a European framework for ECEC services, highlighting common values and objectives.
Entrepreneurship is meaningful insofar as it contributes to society as a whole, but if someone engages in pseudo-business in order to lure other, honest traders and companies to a directory purely for the sake of their own enrichment, and in doing so uses subterfuge, this is downright fraud, no matter how much they protest that they are not doing anything illegal.
Entrepreneurship, training, flexibility, smart regulation and access to credit are the key words of the Small Business Act, a framework that defines the EU policy for SMEs through targeted assistance and training activities for young people.
Environmental challenges and the fight against climate change mean that the post-2013 CAP now has a new role to play, for which I believe we need a stronger and more sustainable CAP equipped with a budget that can meet the objectives to be pursued, with particular attention to the development of quality food products and to the needs of small farmers.
Environmental concerns can never be jeopardised, but at the same time, they cannot be detached from economic issues; still less in this time of crisis that we are still experiencing, and which continues to buffet the countries of southern Europe, especially my country, Portugal.
Environmental data currently available at European level should be expanded in the medium term by adding information to facilitate policy assessment.
Environmental economic accounts should contribute to policy evaluation, particularly by making available data concerning the environmental impact of economic activities.
Environmental protection is one of the European Union's priorities.
Equal access to the European Union's waters and resources is one of the basic principles of the common fisheries policy.
Equally important among the corrective measures is the possibility for the Commission to carry out enhanced surveillance missions in the Member State concerned in order to monitor the implementation of the plan.
Equally important is transparency with regard to the financial resources from which a lobbying and consulting company draws its revenue.
Equally, if these companies move outside the EU, they also have concerns about that.
Especially important, as I personally have stated on several occasions, is the proposal to facilitate labour mobility within the framework of the Internal Market.
Especially in these times of scarcity, we cannot afford to have that kind of subsidy.
Essentially, I think that by adopting this measure, Europe has demonstrated that it is further ahead than many Member States, which will clearly have to remedy this situation in short order.
Essentially, this prevents the creation of an internal market in the European Union that is more geared towards and favourable to small business.
Establishing a common strategic framework for the next financial programming period would offer an enhanced approach and leverage the synergies better between the measures implemented in Europe's regions, intended to support EU policy objectives.
Establishing a modernised education system throughout the whole of Europe, placing strong emphasis on substantive research results and, of course, simplifying access to cross-border research programmes in Europe can raise the level of innovation in the EU. However, to ensure that human resources remain here, Europe must focus on the following aspect: making researchers attractive offers, proposals which they cannot refuse.
Euro bank notes and coins are genuinely a pan-European means of payment, as the euro area currently consists of 16 Member States.
Eurofound had a budget increase of 39% and a staff increase of 46%. This is why I am calling urgently on my fellow Members to introduce changes during the next budget debate.
Europe 2020 is the European strategy seeking to respond to the new global challenges for the EU and its various Member States, so it is important to structure the economic and financial conditions which will guide its application in the 2014-2021 period.
Europe and Europeans hold enormous potential; our task is to put in place the appropriate conditions for this potential to be exploited fully.
Europe and its big projects clash with budgetary constraints at national level, meaning that greater involvement of the private sector through project bonds or public/private partnerships is the key to raising competitiveness and growth.
Europe and the UN have a wealth of objectives and interests in common, which, in my view, justifies even closer cooperation and resource synergies. I would therefore like to see Europe accorded a stronger position within the UN, particularly at the annual General Assembly.
Europe cannot remain absent from Camp Ashraf: it is a camp where not only international policy is measured but also human rights protection.
Europe cannot, on the one hand, work with democratic movements in Libya, Syria, Tunisia and Egypt, and refuse to work with a government democratically elected by the Palestinian people.
Europe definitely needs rules and a legal framework for establishing mandatory requirements for ensuring the highest possible level of safety, which both we and Europe's citizens want so much.
Europe has almost 1 000 cities with populations of more than 50 000 and their composition is constantly evolving.
Europe has been struggling for years against an innovation brain drain - creative people who would rather head to the United States because they believe that it is easier there.
Europe has problems with the rising number of emigrants.
Europe includes a number of states that have come from the same mould and this should be taken into consideration when examining relations between the EU and Russia.
Europe is a community of freedom, responsibilities and democratic values.
Europe is definitely more different nowadays to the Europe of 20 years ago.
Europe is in need of well-educated immigrants who reach Europe in compliance with the regulations, and of a common migration policy with adequate resources.
Europe is made up of a rich and diverse mix of educational traditions.
Europe is taking a crucial step with this economic governance package so that our economy can grow soundly.
Europe manages 2.5% or one-fortieth of total budgetary expenditure in Europe.
Europe must be involved here at an earlier stage. I do not believe that we have learnt the right lessons from the crises of the 1990s.
Europe must do the same; it must defend its cultural model and its values on the international stage.
Europe must give itself the means to achieve specific major objectives.
Europe must not hide when it is needed most.
Europe must take innovation policies seriously if we want to find a way out of the crisis and build a better future for our younger generations.
Europe must take on this responsibility by proposing a concerted strategy in the areas of training and employment. I welcome the ambition of this report, which sets at 2% of GDP the investment in higher education.
Europe must welcome the latter if she wants to be true to herself.
Europe needs a robust agricultural policy consisting of transparent rules and efficient and rapid prevention tools, so that it can reduce administrative costs, manage risks and adopt effective crisis-prevention policies. 'Innovation' and a 'well-organised infrastructure network' are the basic criteria necessary to make agribusinesses competitive, competent and well prepared, and to ensure that rural areas too have access to culture and training.
Europe needs a sustainable and competitive economic model that responds to the major social challenges of today, and that ensures more and better jobs.
Europe needs an ever-growing number of its school pupils and students to come into contact with a new social, educational and cultural model. I believe that the mobility programmes aimed at young people will successfully bring about a real change in the attitude of Europe's young people and create a shared vision for them about what Europe stands for, in areas from education, science and research to culture and our common values.
Europe needs the greatest broadband capacity and the fastest speeds to keep up with rising economic powers, like China and India, in the modern economy.
Europe shall not be among the losers.
Europe should also increase its commitment to protect the Christian minorities in the north of the country, who are increasingly the targets of persecution and discrimination.
Europe still has too few programmes to restructure the transport sector for more ecological solutions with a low environmental impact, and there is also a dearth of resources to improve its efficiency and environmental performance.
Europe therefore needs to send out a strong, effective signal to guarantee less red tape, lower costs, greater transparency and shorter delays in payments, and to ensure the stability that small and medium-sized enterprises demand and need so much.
Europe wants to do organised crime an enormous favour.
Europe would fail and people's trust in the capacity of Europe to address their real problems would suffer a huge blow.
Europe's cities are its centres of economic activity, innovation and employment, but they face a number of challenges.
Europe's cities are its centres of economic activity, innovation and employment, but they must face up to a number of challenges. I agree with the rapporteur in that cohesion policy, including the European Agenda, should pursue the objective of overcoming territorial disparities by investing in smart urban development with the aim of raising cities' infrastructure and services to a higher qualitative level.
Europe's cultural industries contribute to European entrepreneurship, innovation and business, and the EU's diverse cultural landscape makes it the most attractive tourist destination in the world.
Europe's cultural practitioners, technical innovators and, above all, Europe's citizens deserve a well-functioning internal market, where creative content can flow freely and generously across our borders and where cultural practitioners are secure in the knowledge that they will receive remuneration for their work.
Europe's current market share of 25% is below expectations. EGNOS is GPS-compatible but will offer more possibilities when Galileo becomes operational in 2013. EGNOS is ten times more accurate than GPS at present.
Europe's current market share of 25% is below expectations. EGNOS will offer more possibilities (EGNOS is ten times more accurate than GPS) when Galileo becomes operational in 2013.
Europe's experience tells us that true democracy is the necessary foundation of tolerance, of peace and of prosperity.
Europe's hardworking citizens are being required to pay more and more.
Europe's large wooded areas create considerable business and employment within the EU. Taking this into account, and not forgetting the importance of these green spaces for the environment, I consider it essential that measures be taken to combat the negative effects of climate change recorded at global level in recent years.
Europe's rapidly ageing society requires innovative solutions in diverse areas which will make it possible for it to function efficiently in spite of the reduced workforce.
Europe's small and medium-sized enterprises lead the way in translating social standards into reality. I take the view that it is vital to have a clear and unambiguous definition of corporate social responsibility that will do away with the current assortment of interpretations, while also establishing ways to check that these responsibilities are met.
Europe, and Member States in particular, are facing the major challenge of improving, during this decade, vocational education and training, for example, and making it more attractive and improving its quality.
Europe, too, recognises the need to pursue projects aiming at economic and industrial growth, by focusing resources and investment on innovative policies, without abandoning the path it has followed in recent decades of playing a leading and guiding role in economic and social development.
European Investment Bank, European Commission, we are actually asking for an investigation into the activities of the European Investment Bank towards the end of September this year so that we can start the next discharge procedure with proper documentation.
European Union aid to South Sudan should be commensurate with what the new state can effectively absorb.
European Union measures are essential, in order to put an end to this situation and provide EU citizens with effective recourse should they have a claim against another citizen or company; measures that simplify and accelerate this payment process.
European agriculture faces at least three major challenges; namely, ensuring the feeding of the population, sustaining the environment and producing energy.
European and Canadian companies will be able to save millions of euro a year thanks to shorter and simpler, hence less costly, product-approval procedures and mutual acceptance of certification findings.
European citizens and taxpayers are rightly paying ever closer attention to the proper spending of EU funds. I therefore welcome the opportunity to present the views of the Council and the Hungarian Presidency during this debate.
European citizens expect and deserve the best possible safety for their nuclear power plants.
European citizens would not understand if the bulk of assistance were to go to large agricultural operators: small farmers too must be able to make a living from what they produce, work in decent conditions and be paid fairly.
European cohesion policy continues to play an important role in reducing significant social and economic disparities among the Member States.
European cohesion policy is and will remain a cornerstone of the EU's tangible action in its regions, as well as the main source of investment in the real economy, capable of helping Europe and its regions to recover from the crisis and become competitive again.
European companies have had improved access to telecommunications, car manufacturing, retail and the insurance sector in Japan, and that has not damaged the Japanese economy but has, in fact, encouraged innovation and development in Japan.
European consumers have the right to know what they are buying.
European contract law stipulates and regulates Internal Market transactions, and aims to resolve problems relating to the Single Market which have arisen for various reasons, including even differences in contract law legislation.
European cooperation to draft a single policy is needed in this sector.
European culture is, as is well known, indebted to many cultures in various parts of the world, like the people subjected to European colonialism, for example.
European environmental economic accounts (debate) 
European fishermen in particular are suffering as a result of this price rise because they cannot simply compensate for the additional costs by increasing their catch or by charging better prices.
European fishers, and especially those who live in the Member States facing the greatest financial difficulties, like Portugal, are in a difficult economic situation which has been exacerbated by the rise in fuel prices.
European forests are major contributors to climate change mitigation and the adaptation of European societies through the continuation of their economic, social and environmental functions.
European funds for promotion are available to operators to promote quality products, with more than EUR 19 million being allocated to fifteen promotion programmes between 2006 and 2010.
European industry has shown that we can count on its commitment to searching for innovative solutions which will help in the fight against climate change.
European innovation policy must be focused mainly on devising and specifically meeting objectives relating to the major challenges which the European Union is facing. I think that a reassessment is needed of the complexity of the tasks and responsibilities which local and regional government authorities have.
European integration has a positive and stimulating influence on the economy.
European interests are served when cultural aspects are strategically devised through cooperation and partnership, both through cultural programmes and when cultural aspects form an integral part of economic, foreign and security and development policies.
European interests are served when cultural aspects are strategically devised through cooperation and partnership, both through cultural programmes, and when cultural aspects are an integral part of economic, foreign and security and development policies.
European interests are served when cultural aspects are strategically devised through cooperation and partnership: both through cultural programmes and when cultural aspects are an integral part of economic, foreign and security and development policies.
European legislation allows for cross-border claims, as well as the mutual recognition of the decisions of national courts, but the current procedure for cross-border debt recovery is arduous and prohibitively expensive.
European legislation must therefore respect Member State sovereignty when looking for a common European interest in the use of these frequencies.
European manufacturers are at a marked disadvantage in the textile industry, because the dumping of cheap and poor quality products from the Far East makes it impossible for European manufacturers to make progress.
European patents currently cost 15 times more than US patents, hence the reason why we must develop the European patent more quickly and reduce its cost.
European regulation of the issue which you are rightly complaining about on the basis of practical experience was not wanted at the time.
European satellite navigation systems have been causing delays and additional costs, which should lead those responsible to give thought to the patterns currently being followed for their implementation.
European solidarity includes the need to finance the 2020 strategy, not least its social objectives, which include combating poverty.
European strategy for sustainable and inclusive growth remains high on the Union's list of concerns, and cannot fail to be present in the preparation for the 2012 EU budget.
European trade policy measures in the textiles sector can be managed without imposing the excessive burden of presenting proof of origin for all imports.
European universities will become more competitive when they pay even greater attention to the needs of the market, the economy, and when they also manage to find additional sources of funding.
European urban diversity must be supported primarily by a flexible mechanism for implementing cohesion policy and by coordinating and adapting urban development projects according to the development needs and strategic guidelines of each city individually.
European vessels entitled to fish in Seychelles' waters will take on board observers appointed by the Seychelles authorities, and during a trip each tuna seiner will take on board at least two Seychelles seamen, in agreement with the shipowner, from the names on a list submitted by the competent authority of Seychelles.
Europol points out that the full admission of Bulgaria and Romania into the Schengen cooperation will give criminal groups from the Balkans and the former Soviet Union easier access to the EU. Until these problems are resolved, full admission of Bulgaria and Romania to Schengen will bolster cross-border corruption and crime whilst, at the same time, giving certain forces the opportunity they were waiting for to demand increased monitoring and undermining of the rule of law.
Eurovignette III will allow Member States - if they so wish - to charge road users for external costs (air, noise, pollution), so that finally, the 'polluter pays' principle is introduced in road transport.
Eurozone leaders tell us that there is no Greek debt restructuring, but since when is a delay of a repayment date not a restructuring?
Evaluation is nothing if the results are not presented, discussed, questioned, and indeed either accepted or sometimes rejected, by the very stakeholders that it aims to serve, and, of course, Parliament plays a vital role in this process, not only bringing to bear a broad cross-section of experience from political and public life but, just as importantly, from the many fields of deep knowledge held by Members.
Evaluation of the implementation of the cohesion policy programmes co-financed by the structural funds in the period 2007-2013 should reflect the impact of projects selected within the cohesion policy framework on the recovery of the European economy, particularly in terms of creating new jobs, reducing socio-economic disparities, enhancing social inclusion and improving human capital.
Evaluations have concluded that most stocks in Mauritania are either fully exploited or over-exploited and, therefore, the Commission must discuss with Mauritania the development of long-term fisheries management plans that would include all fishery allocations by the Mauritanian authorities, to both their national fleets and third-country fleets, in order to ensure the sustainable exploitation of fisheries resources.
Even Lady Ashton's and Commissioner Füle's review of the European Neighbourhood Policy is delayed for the third time - and delayed in her office.
Even accepting the rationality of internalising external costs as a valid starting point, it is ultimately untenable to penalise heavy goods vehicles only and not ordinary cars with the aim of mitigating traffic congestion, just as the old 'polluter pays' principle is applied in a clearly discriminatory way.
Even at the main hearing, the court does not consider the evidence but only 10 so-called legal bars to surrender.
Even better, they propose that the sums thus obtained by the EU should be allocated to the EU-IMF stability fund, the effects of which are currently being suffered by the Greek, Irish and Portuguese people.
Even if Pakistan was aware of the whereabouts of the al-Qaeda leader, who was the subject of an international arrest warrant, and therefore would have been called on to extradite him, it does not change the fact that the targeted killing was a violation of Pakistan's sovereignty.
Even if all nuclear reactors were shut down tomorrow, there would still be a legacy of waste from half a century of nuclear generation and from a variety of other activities.
Even if it did happen, it would necessarily be at the cost of governments' decision-making freedom and of what national politicians regard as priorities. I voted against the report.
Even if not all of the individual interests could be taken into account in a compromise, the report was adopted with a large majority in the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development.
Even if the Council were to come on board, a whole host of loopholes would still exist.
Even if the European Union adopts the tightest possible limits on greenhouse gas emissions, the outcome will be the same if China, India and other developing countries do not also adopt such limits at the same time.
Even if the de minimis threshold was increased, many Member States would not have the money to actually exploit this new opportunity to spend taxpayers' money.
Even if the real responsibilities of EU policy - and we are talking about the irrational criteria of the Stability and Growth Pact, of the policy of the strong euro, and of the ECB guidelines and statutes, which do not respect the particularities of the weaker economies - in relation to the current situation are covered up, nothing justifies applying a package to Portugal that punishes the Portuguese people in return for a loan which needs to be paid back at interest rates higher than those normally charged by the ECB.
Even if the so-called country of origin is specified, other parts of the production process can take place elsewhere.
Even in a high-tech country like Japan, the promised safety levels could not be even remotely achieved.
Even in the past, then, there were signs, but now all European citizens could end up paying the consequences.
Even more importantly, it is also crucial in order to create a momentum for higher productivity, cohesion, competitiveness, and access to one single market for the European industry as a whole.
Even now, the majority of Indian foreign investment is situated in the European Union and the Tata Group alone is a leading employer in the industrial sector in Great Britain.
Even people accused of behaviour that is not an offence in the extraditing country can be surrendered under the European Arrest Warrant if the offence is one for which there is no requirement for dual criminality.
Even since the fall of the Iron Curtain over 20 years ago, its behaviour towards some countries, particularly neighbours such as Georgia, certainly cannot be admired.
Even so, I - and they also - would be prepared to make the sacrifice if the problems were to be resolved, important problems like congestion.
Even so, I should like to draw your attention to the following, Mr Caspary: what will benefit our industry the most? A path towards zero in the very long term, or a rather drastic reduction in the first few years? I believe that we actually need to strike a balance between the two and then see where it takes us. Nevertheless, I should like to draw your attention to the two objectives: to reach zero in, say, 20 years, and to obtain a very moderate reduction in the meantime.
Even so, it is essential to continue making progress with it.
Even some of the payments that appear to be correct are actually supporting grotesque projects.
Even the Spanish Members must understand that.
Even the approach by the EU is novel in this regard as this is the first time the Parliament is co-deciding with the Council on macroeconomic developments and the Council needs the Parliament's agreement in order to reach a final consensus.
Even those young Lithuanians who manage to find work are often forced to accept unfavourable employment contracts.
Even though Directive 2006/114/EC is in place, not enough is being done by the Commission or the Member States to aid businesses affected by the fraud schemes or to eliminate the fraud schemes entirely. I support the resolution of Parliament, which draws attention to this issue, and again ask the Commission to take prompt measures to eliminate this misleading and destructive practice.
Even though I do not think the European Commission should have more powers than it had previously, I agree that the European currency union must establish a more precise mutual control mechanism for budgetary policy.
Even though all of the requirements for an inclusive, sustainable and competitive Europe are included, there is nevertheless no way in the world that we could finance everything all at once from the EU budget. I want a realistic and implementable negotiating strategy and this has not been achieved, as no clear priorities have been set in this report. I therefore abstained in the final vote.
Even though forestry policy is primarily a matter for the Member States, it is nevertheless up to the EU to coordinate and complement the Member States' initiatives and forest programmes, giving them added value, and defining a common EU strategy and action plan.
Even though only 7% of the population of the EU lives in cities with over 5 million inhabitants, compared with 25% in the United States of America, in numerous urban areas, including in Greece, the population is increasing.
Even though the European Parliament's report on Investing in the future: a new Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF) for a competitive, sustainable and inclusive Europe contains many ideas that should be supported, I did not support it because I believe that it damages the European Union's image in the eyes of its residents.
Even though the directive covers business-to-business misleading advertising, its wider scope is to protect consumers' interests, to safeguard smooth functioning of the Single Market and to significantly improve citizens' lives. I have seen some improvement, but I still believe that much has to be done in order to stop unfair misleading practices.
Even though the text could be improved further and there is an important point that remains, in my view, unresolved, namely the definition of radioactive waste, I believe that we should continue to forge ahead in this area and that it is pointless to deny the need to treat waste. I also voted in favour because the possibility of exporting to third countries was rejected.
Even though there might not be full agreement on every detail, it is important to note that there exists a core common understanding on the big ticketed items, notably, the need for a comprehensive strategy to boost research and innovation in the context of the Europe 2020 strategy, the need to make the programme more accessible to the wide range of possible contributors throughout Europe, and the need to further simplify procedures to allow all participants to focus on creativity rather than bureaucracy.
Even though this pathogen should not primarily be treated with antibiotics, we have the problem that it is resistant to many common antibiotics.
Even though this report has become weaker in many respects during the proceedings, and that Parliament has had to give in on several provisions, this is still a big step forward, and I feel that I must give it my full support.
Even though we have the 2006 directive, it is plain that it is not working as well as it should.
Even when the courts have delivered a judgment, in practice it is often difficult for creditors to recover debts if no information is available on the whereabouts of the debtor and his assets.
Even without this escalation of the conflict, in South Sudan, over 40% of the population are already dependent on food aid.
Ever since four MEPs were accused of having accepted money from 'bogus' lobbyists in return for tabling amendments, the institution has been seeking to clarify and reform the rules governing the activity of lobbyists in Parliament. A kind of permanent suspicion has long surrounded MEPs' relationships with interest representatives, hence the creation of a first register of lobbyists in 1996.
Ever since the 1990s, the European Union has seen an exponential increase in cultural and creative industries (CCIs), in terms of the number of jobs they have created and their contribution to gross domestic product.
Ever since the economic and financial crisis began, there has been talk of nothing but credit rating agencies (CRAs). However, what are our thoughts on their now key role? The European Parliament has addressed this issue.
Every Member State has to take responsibility for the ownership of our Union and start acting for the common good of Europe.
Every child - migrant or not - must have mastered the national language by the time they enter school to a degree that enables them to follow the teaching taking place there.
Every country aiming to join the Schengen area must meet, without exception, all of the conditions of the Schengen acquis concerning data protection, the Schengen Information System, borders in the air, on land and at sea, police cooperation and visas.
Every country should have the right to focus on the concerns of its citizens, including food security, the environment, reservations about genetic modification and the needs of rural areas, in order to support sustainable agriculture in Europe.
Every employee must be given one rest day per week, but this does not have to be in the same week.
Every link in the European innovation chain must be strengthened and innovation policy must be focused towards challenges.
Every rule of procedure of the European Parliament should seek three objectives: make the provision more readily understandable and therefore easier to use; lay down new conditions governing the application of the procedure; determine the scope of the procedure. I absolutely agree with the rapporteur.
Every single time, I have heard the EPP say that this should not be party politics and that we should not single out Member States.
Every time I have predicted that a country would need a bail-out, you have come back and said, oh no, they don't, everything is fine.
Every year since 2007, the EU has spent over EUR 6 billion funding research and development on the continent.
Every year, the European Parliament adopts a report on the European agencies to accompany the debates on budgetary discharge.
Everybody could live a richer life, allowing mutual respect for one another to manifest itself.
Everybody in this House knows that detention conditions have a direct impact on the smooth functioning of the mutual recognition of judicial decisions and are the basis for cooperation between judges in the EU. But the system is impeded if judges refuse - sometimes rightly so - to extradite accused persons because the detention conditions in the requesting country are substandard.
Everyone can now see that a default in Greece is coming, except the euro zone finance ministers who, 13 months after uselessly committing EUR 110 billion, now seem set to commit a further sum almost as large.
Everyone here must surely be aware that each political change of direction results in new laws and directives, which in turn demand investment by farms without at the same time increasing their incomes.
Everyone is aware that trade is a driver of economic development and these trade measures will revitalise the economies of the Western Balkans.
Everyone is free to react and criticise the content, because everything works out through debates and interchanges of opinions in the European Union, and it is true that many Member States have criticised the content already.
Everyone seems to agree on this point.
Everyone thought that the current institutional framework - a centralised monetary policy, a Stability and Growth Pact, and the coordination of the other economic policies - would enable the differences between Member States to be overcome, or at least reduced.
Everything needs to be on the table, from different timetables and decommissioning scenarios to qualified moratoriums - without false time pressures, polemics or ideologies.
Everything points to the fact that nuclear energy will become a significant source of energy in the near future, and therefore it is absolutely crucial to ensure that the highest feasible level of safety is achieved in the energy sector.
Evidence of this is provided by the significant cocaine seizures in Croatia, which are mostly connected with sea transport.
Evidence of this is, on the one hand, the lacklustre action deriving from its external policy and, on the other, the obstinacy of certain countries that are nostalgic for a colonial period that can no longer return and insist on believing that they protect their interests better by doing things alone and not delegating anything to European authority.
Evidently, therefore, the rules of procedure concerning parliamentary immunity and privilege cannot apply, and so waiving her immunity complies with the rules governing this House's institutional and legal affairs.
Examples such as the Copenhagen climate change summit, the United Nations General Assembly resolution on enhancement of participation rights - congratulations to Baroness Ashton - or EU participation in the International Monetary Fund show the necessity not only of addressing these issues, but also of finding a common strategy.
Exasperation over the way that some MEPs from countries which themselves have problems with illegal immigration and corruption are looking at Romania and Bulgaria today.
Exceptional trade measures for countries and territories participating in or linked to the EU's Stabilisation and Association process (
Excise duty applied to manufactured tobacco (
Existing programmes, such as the European Neighbourhood Policy and the European Instrument for Democracy and Human Rights, have cultural components which need to be coordinated and strategically deployed.
Expedient control of the EU border with Andorra, a principality in between two large EU countries, France and Spain, will ensure a more profitable and amiable relationship in the future. I voted for this protocol because it will encourage greater information exchanges with Andorra on security-related risk management and controls, as well as the standardisation of EU customs security measures, and will encourage the safe movement of goods between Andorra and other EU countries.
Experience from the implementation of cohesion policy programmes now clearly illustrates that the successful outcome of most regional development actions basically depends on the implementation of complementary initiatives.
Experience gained during the first decade of functioning of the economic and monetary union shows a clear need for an improved economic governance framework.
Experience proves the good cost-effective relationship and the crucial role played by port state measures, in conjunction with other instruments, in the fight against IUU fishing.
Experience shows that in many cases, project ideas emerge on the basis of available funding, instead of being based on real needs and on strategic priorities.
Explaining to Dutch taxpayers that their contributions to the European Union are being increased is not the same as explaining to Bulgarian or Polish farmers that the subsidy they are receiving is three times less and that they are obliged to compete in the same competitive market.
Exploiting the issue of counterfeiting purely for protectionist purposes is about as low as it gets.
Extending compulsory labelling should not impose a disproportionate burden on enterprises without bringing real added-value for consumers, who may even be confused by an excess of information on the label of textile products. I believe that it would be useful for the Commission to submit a report to the European Parliament and the Council regarding possible new labelling requirements to be introduced at Union level.
Extending the coverage of EGNOS (European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service) should be a priority.
External dimension of social policy, promoting labour and social standards and European corporate social responsibility (
FP7 is a chance for the EU to make its research policy match its economic and social ambitions, in particular, by consolidating the European Research Area (ERA). Allocated a budget of around EUR 54 billion for the period 2007-2013, FP7 has, over the years, become one of the largest research support programmes in the world and represents the primary tool of EU research policy.
Faced as we are with well over 400 petitions, as stated in a paragraph of the resolution, we find ourselves discussing this issue again in this Chamber.
Faced with a situation like this, therefore, it is only natural that we have to say, regarding the history of the eight months of difficult negotiations - in which we have taken part and offered the most constructive proposals - on this regulation, that the only position we will now be able to take is, unfortunately, in support of the amendment that, ultimately, envisages the end of this proposal for a regulation as we know it. We have to do so now, not because of a lack of solidarity with Pakistan, but because we believe humanitarian aid should be given in the proper place and in the proper way.
Faced with the challenges that are an ageing population and the globalisation of our economy, we need to encourage the development of lifelong training programmes, particularly through the exchange of good practices between Member States, and improve young Europeans' early training by encouraging partnerships between universities, research centres and companies.
Faced with the challenges that we need to take up in order for our economy to pick up, I am delighted at the appointment of someone who has managed to create a consensus and who has proven capable of paving the way for a stable, strong and competitive monetary union.
Faced with the threat of the Commission imposing annual fines on Member States challenging its authority, the majority can find nothing better to do than propose extending these.
Faced with these many crises and threats, we cannot just hand over the keys to our US friends and allies or to NATO.
Faced with these requirements, it is our duty as politicians to put in place strategies that ensure the following: • Learning centred on a specific outcome; • Teaching entrepreneurship; • Providing bridges for unqualified people who wish to find a job, in particular, through tailored education; • Simplifying the procedures for recognising foreign qualifications in order to encourage workers to be mobile; • Establishing a European framework that offers quality work placements throughout the EU; • Lifelong learning so as to enable workers to adapt to market conditions and company needs. • Promoting creativity as well as information and communication technologies. • Supporting female employment by helping to reconcile work and family life.
Faced with this inevitable catastrophe, the 2020 strategy had to aim at increasing the attractiveness of vocational education and training.
Faced with this situation, it is essential that we consider new solutions.
Facts about this matter are not communicated well or in the right way.
Failure to comply with basic international social standards constitutes a form of social and environmental dumping detrimental to European enterprises and workers. I agree that it is necessary to enhance the role of the relevant international institutions such as the International Labour Organisation (ILO), the World Trade Organisation (WTO), the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) and the United Nations, and to seek their cooperation in the development, implementation and promotion of basic international social standards.
Failure to declare domestic care or cleaning services deprives these workers of the chance of a decent living and, especially, a decent pension.
Far from encouraging 'corporate social responsibility', which is, in practice, non-existent, these agreements only protect the profits of large companies and financial institutions, and do not give the proper attention to labour rights, to the importance of collective bargaining and workers' freedom of association, to the effective elimination of discrimination in respect of employment, to the elimination of forced labour, to insecure and poorly paid work, or to child labour.
Far too little was done during the process of rescuing the banks to respond to this predictable development.
Farmers from the 12 new Member States have now reached the end of a difficult 10-year period, which they agreed to on the understanding that it was a transitional period which would not be extended.
Fearing the danger from radiation, we stayed at home as much as possible for weeks on end, only venturing outside when absolutely necessary.
Fellow Members, Bulgaria and Romania have completed their job and they are building on these security systems in cooperation with their Schengen partners.
Fellow Members, I call on you to support Mr Coelho's report, which will allow us to give the Council a clear, strong political signal that Bulgaria's and Romania's rightful place is in the Schengen area this very year, in order to make external borders more secure and give our citizens greater peace of mind.
Fellow Members, SMEs are key to boosting economic competitiveness.
Fellow Members, the question of what is included in the constitution of a country and what is dealt with at a different legislative level by a certain Member State is something that is quite clearly a matter of national sovereignty.
Fifth, we will encourage Russia to deepen cooperation in our common neighbourhood and continue the dialogue on other topical international issues like the Middle East, for example, or North Africa.
Fifthly, on European citizenship: how often do we invoke the value of European citizenship during our speeches? Since their accession to the EU, in 2007, both Bulgaria and Romania have had a legitimate expectation that their citizens would become fully fledged EU citizens and that they would be able to enjoy the same rights as other EU citizens, including freedom of movement within the Schengen area.
Fifthly, the importance of an efficient inventory of spectrum use, which is an essential part of building an effective and forward-looking policy programme.
Finally it is also aimed at incorporating within international negotiations the rights of workers, which the International Labour Organisation is tasked with defending, as well as promoting a global economic governance that takes these parameters into account.
Finally, Commissioner, I would like to say to you that what we hope for now is consistency, so that reactors that do not pass the tests and that cannot remedy their deficiencies are closed, and transparency, so that all citizens have complete information about the test procedure and results.
Finally, Europe has to be a leader as regards both regulations and the construction of storage facilities.
Finally, I agree with Mr Schlyter on the importance of a fixed date to mark the end of the transitional period so as to safeguard the European economy's competitiveness and to provide investors with a clear picture of current and future regulatory standards.
Finally, I agree with the rapporteur's conclusions and commend the Committee of the Regions on including the follow-up given to Parliament's previous discharge decisions.
Finally, I also think that an impact study needs to be carried out, which will examine the effects of any agreement, particularly in the area of vulnerable European industries, such as the car industry, electronics and aeronautics.
Finally, I also voted for - again thinking of Portuguese textiles - the introduction of a safeguard clause, which provides for the re-establishment of common customs tariff duties on a given product at any time if it is being imported from Pakistan under conditions that cause, or threaten to cause serious problems for an EU producer of similar or directly competing products.
Finally, I am also very sensitive to the financial impact that this crisis is having on farmers, particularly vegetable producers.
Finally, I am from Alsace and therefore know the extent to which the Fessenheim nuclear power plant concerns our German and Swiss neighbours.
Finally, I am pleased that the amendments submitted by the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament concerning respect, in the context of public contracts, for the labour, social and environmental standards in force in the Member States, have largely been adopted.
Finally, I am proud, in the context of these explanations of vote, to say that I, all fellow Members and political groups voted unanimously, because on such a subject we obviously needed consensus and not controversy.
Finally, I am very happy to see Parliament's enthusiasm - and, in particular, that of my good friend Doris Pack - for the European capitals of culture and Sarajevo's interest in holding the title.
Finally, I believe that the labelling requirement for non-textile parts of animal origin is a sign of real progress as it is consumers who do not want the textile products they buy to contain such materials. I think that, as a whole, this regulation will help deepen the single market for textiles, a move which I fully endorse.
Finally, I believe that we need to ensure that this aid is more effective.
Finally, I condemn the lack of respect for the fundamental rights of freedom of assembly and of expression shown by the Belarusian authorities and call for the immediate and unconditional release of the remaining protestors still in custody and for all charges against them to be dropped.
Finally, I congratulate Commissioner Oettinger for finding a consensus on the criteria and the practical details of implementing the stress tests for nuclear installations, which will enable us to ensure the highest safety levels in the world.
Finally, I fully agree with Parliament's suggestion to the Commission to make the necessary adjustments to the European Social Fund, Erasmus and the Lifelong Learning Programme in order to ensure that funding can be allocated to specific education and training projects, and to projects to tackle youth unemployment and gender discrimination, with more women being encouraged to take part in those projects.
Finally, I fully agree with the idea that it is necessary to set out an action plan for the EU's outermost regions, and multisectoral principles should be established which support their harmonious development and help to reduce the territorial disparities with other European regions.
Finally, I have to point out, as a number of colleagues before me have done, just how absurd it is that the European Parliament is merely consulted and has no real say on this directive, upon which the safety of so many future generations depends.
Finally, I hope that both Eurostat and the Eurobarometer will play a major role in this innovative process.
Finally, I hope the EU recognises the importance of sport, both economically and socially, and will provide funds to boost sport at all levels, particularly as, since the Lisbon Treaty, the EU now has competence in the field of sport for the first time.
Finally, I share the many reservations that have been voiced regarding the agencies, although my reservations only relate to a small number of them.
Finally, I should like to ask if the said concessions will benefit the flood-stricken inhabitants of Pakistan. I doubt it. In order to moderate the virtuous intentions here, my counter-proposal is that concessions should be made on other industrial products.
Finally, I should like to congratulate my colleague, Mr Haglund, on his excellent work and dedication.
Finally, I should like to congratulate the rapporteur on the excellent work he has done in drawing up this report, despite the obstacles the Council placed in the way of accessing certain documentation considered essential to achieving this.
Finally, I should like to emphasise that the adoption of this report comes at an ideal time, for it has enriched the debate on the future of cohesion policy (2014-2020). Indeed, the European Commission will shortly publish its proposals with a view to updating and therefore improving this policy.
Finally, I should like to mention the need to recognise vocational qualifications, thereby facilitating the increased mobility of professionals and students.
Finally, I should like to point out that creating this new category will not involve any additional expenditure, thanks to the savings expected by several regions no longer being under Objective 1. It is also out of the question to reduce the aid for those regions eligible for Objectives 1, 2 and 3.
Finally, I should like to say that the Union must demonstrate flexibility towards the Indian request for protection for non-agricultural Indian geographical indications so that India, in turn, will grant protection for European geographical indications.
Finally, I should like to thank my colleague, Mrs Ford, for all her efforts and commitment towards concluding this report.
Finally, I think the central role of the urban issue in cohesion policy is decisive.
Finally, I too wish to thank both Mr Šefčovič, who has made a huge contribution to the implementation of this agreement, and the representative of the Hungarian Government, for, among other things, the assurance given about the Council joining the agreement in short order, which without doubt has its own uncertainties seeing as the Council certainly represents the second chamber in this case.
Finally, I voted for the amendment on milk, as I do not agree with the European Commission's call for the milk quotas system to be abolished, which will only exacerbate the already precarious position of national producers.
Finally, I want to encourage Parliament to continue to support us with its expert contributions and to make the appropriate demands on us. We believe that the European Union remains on the right track and we want to ensure by means of controls and transparency that we achieve the target of 20% and that nothing goes wrong in Europe.
Finally, I want to support the author of the resolution, Ms Berès, when she says that the European Union should lead the way on improving conditions for domestic workers.
Finally, I want you, Lady Ashton, also to raise the issue about a more serious implementation of the readmission commitments of safe countries with which we, the European Union, have concluded such agreements.
Finally, I welcome the guidelines for the next framework programme. I would particularly stress the recommendation to substantially increase the budget for science and innovation in the EU's next financial framework.
Finally, I would also like to congratulate the Member States on their efforts in putting together the first national strategy report, actively contributing to greater transparency, flexibility, effectiveness and accountability for cohesion policy funds.
Finally, I would also support the proposal to create better links between universities and businesses so that we can take advantage of all the research and development undertaken.
Finally, I would just like to say that we need to follow up on the measures to give small and medium-sized businesses access to China and other markets in Asia.
Finally, I would like to add that we would be very open to finding a swift solution in the second reading - and we would be very grateful if this were possible - in other words, we would suggest that, rather than following the normal procedure of the second reading, we should try to find a so-called early second-reading agreement.
Finally, I would like to congratulate the rapporteur on a successful and comprehensive report, and to thank her for her excellent cooperation.
Finally, I would like to highlight the vote on cohesion policy, where a safeguard clause was successfully added in the event that intermediate categories are introduced in order to avoid resources being withdrawn from the regions eligible for funding under the convergence, competitiveness and cooperation objective.
Finally, I would like to mention EU-NATO relations. I welcome the fact that you maintain permanent contacts with the Secretary-General of NATO and the Secretary of State of the United States.
Finally, I would like to mention that we need to reduce our enterprises' administrative burden, in connection with reporting, for example.
Finally, I would like to mention the Canadian state trading companies in the agricultural sector which, as we all know, have broad competences and can act as monopolies.
Finally, I would like to note how very important it is for the Commission's proposal to incorporate and rely even more fully on the strategy document 'GDP and beyond: measuring progress in a changing world'. A consistent, systematic approach will perhaps be more crucial than anything else in efforts to improve the way quality of life is measured.
Finally, I would like to offer my resolute support to Mrs Pack for choosing Sarajevo as European capital of culture.
Finally, I would like to put the following question to those Member States which are saying that less and less money should go to the EU, but which, at the same time, are giving all kinds of new priorities to the EU: if you want less money to go to the EU, what are the priorities that we as the EU should work on? Because if you want the EU to receive less money, you also have to make choices.
Finally, I would like to report on the issues which were given to the Hungarian Presidency as homework by the previous European Councils, and more specifically: what results and achievements will be presented at the summit starting tomorrow, because, after all, we had to make a deal about specific dossiers with you and we had to reach agreement on other issues as well.
Finally, I would like to say that I also believe it would be useful to involve the Council Presidency in such discussions. I can assure you I will follow this up with them, and I am sure I will find a common language with the Presidency on this issue as well.
Finally, I would like to say that we will make clear our absolute respect for proper court proceedings, without passing comment.
Finally, I would like to stress that the preparation of integrated strategic planning should be complemented by flexible financial engineering so that national, regional and local authorities are free to implement their priorities.
Finally, I would like to stress that, in the current circumstances, Syria's application for a seat on the UN's Human Rights Council is unacceptable.
Finally, I would like to thank everyone who has helped in the preparation of this report, namely the shadow rapporteurs, first of all in ITRE, and then the rapporteurs and their groups who have drafted their opinions. I would like to thank all the members who have participated in debates and who have tabled amendments, the Council and the European Commission - we have worked well together and exchanged positions regularly and in good time.
Finally, I would like to thank not only this House - which I have done already - but also our partners in the trio, Spain and Belgium, for their excellent cooperation and for the fact that we were able to complete the 18-month trio programme, and may I wish Poland all the best and a Parliament-friendly Presidency.
Finally, I would like to thank the rapporteur for his cooperation and to wish the Commissioner luck with the huge task - as I know - of making the other Commissioners in the Commission College aware of the importance of culture and young people.
Finally, I would like to urge the Commission not to let this process drag on. We must ensure that we do not allow the negotiations to slow down.
Finally, I would stress the important point, directed at the Council, to pressure it not to make mere arithmetical cuts and, if it does so, to explain what the priorities established were.
Finally, I would stress the rapporteur's idea that the new Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF) should ensure adequate levels of funding for GNSS research and development, as well as for its implementation.
Finally, Madam President, I would point out that if we in Parliament want to escape the influence of lobbyists to a greater extent in future, then we will need greater supports and more staff, enabling us to achieve more for the citizens of the European Union.
Finally, Madam President, one more question: what is the state of play when it comes to the launch of the European Asylum Support Office in Malta? I have heard that there is still a possibility of it getting off the ground.
Finally, Mrs Gyõri, thank you very much for your kind mention of Portugal and the Schengen Information System (SIS) one-for-all scheme, which has facilitated the entry of several countries, including yours, into the Schengen area.
Finally, a credible budget must be coherent and guarantee efficient expenditure by avoiding any duplication in the use of funds.
Finally, a word about Greece, because I hope Member States will also have the occasion to discuss at the highest level this situation, which is important not only for a Member State of our Union but, I believe, for the stability of the euro area and for the stability of the European Union as a whole.
Finally, an embargo on which the Commission gives assurances that there would be no impact on Inuit traditional hunting is unrealistic.
Finally, another example is the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund, which offers real solidarity for European workers.
Finally, as it is still too complicated to implement the territorial cooperation programmes, we asked for them to be simplified and stressed the specific nature of the programmes associated with this objective, which are, by their very nature, international programmes.
Finally, as part of the European budget, the European Development Fund is obviously subject to democratic control, but that must not lead to the total budget for development cooperation being cut.
Finally, as regards any changes in the Schengen system, such a decision should be taken at a European level and not left in the hands of any single country.
Finally, as regards, in particular, the proposal to create an intermediate support category, which both I and my political group and a large majority in Parliament have always supported, I should like to stress that I absolutely agree with the opinion expressed today by Commissioner Hahn.
Finally, cohesion policy is one of solidarity and redistribution, to enable regions to get up to speed and to catch up. It cannot replace any other strategy like, for instance, Europe 2020, which should have its own funding, separate from the cohesion funding, even if these two policies must naturally be coordinated and harmonised.
Finally, coordination among the national authorities responsible for applying what we call 'backstop' solutions, which are to be imposed on banks that fail this test, has been significantly enhanced and improved.
Finally, discharge cannot be a time for discussing detailed policy requiring broad consensus, in particular revision of the Treaties.
Finally, faced with the 'brain-drain' phenomenon, it is important to encourage the retention of researchers in Europe.
Finally, given the importance of this problem, I call on the Commission to draw up a plan for tackling it at EU level that takes into account the full extent of this problem of combating antibiotic resistance, above all, the link between animal health and antibiotic use, and the link between animal and human health.
Finally, however, I would like to give my support to the amended petition by Mr Jahr which calls for specific and effective tools to allow influence, monitoring and correction as far back as the planning and early stages of such projects.
Finally, in a context in which a significant part of the economy depends on multinational companies, there is also a need for organisations to be socially responsible.
Finally, in the context of a rise in power of a largely American global mainstream as regards cultural leisure, it is urgent to remind the European Union and Member States of the importance of providing themselves with tools enabling them to defend and promote the diversity of European cultures and of third countries.
Finally, it focuses on core themes that the Union must play a role in advancing, as is its custom: development, human rights and climate change.
Finally, it is crucial that there be regulation mechanisms to improve first-sale prices, and to promote the fair and appropriate distribution of added value along the fisheries sector value chain, in a way that acknowledges the prices paid to producers.
Finally, it is important that these European programmes receive the funding they need to be brought to fruition.
Finally, it is important to point out that research, innovation and training should be supported so that our SMEs can enjoy the full benefit from the Single Market.
Finally, it is not for Parliament but for the competent judicial authorities to decide, whilst respecting all democratic guarantees, to what extent French law on incitement to racial hatred has been broken and what the judicial consequences might be. Having considered all the arguments, the Committee on Legal Affairs recommends that the European Parliament should waive the parliamentary immunity of Bruno Gollnisch.
Finally, it is not for Parliament but for the competent judicial authorities to decide, whilst respecting all democratic guarantees, to what extent French law on incitement to racial hatred has been broken and what the judicial consequences might be. It is noted that by adopting a decision to waive the Member's immunity, the European Parliament is allowing the competent national authority to hold the person accountable (given that there is no interference with the functioning and independence of the institution) and by no means does this decision confirm the Member's guilt or express an opinion as to whether certain actions or views justify investigation.
Finally, it is unacceptable that the provision of natural resources should be used as a political instrument.
Finally, it needs to be emphasised that we are approaching a decisive stage of the legislative process, and time is becoming a major factor.
Finally, let me quote Jana Mittermaier of Transparency International: 'The new register will be a test of the commitment of all parties involved in lobbying to greater openness.' You could not say it more succinctly.
Finally, let me recall that on 10 June, we will organise the wrap-up event of the Green Paper consultation to which several Members of this Parliament have been invited, some of you as speakers. I would like to inform the Members of the House that more than 1 300 responses to the online questionnaire were received.
Finally, macroregions are very effective, and here I would like to suggest to the Commissioner that, following the example of other strategies, we create a strategy for the Carpathians, one of the largest regions of the European Union and one of the best endowed in terms of natural riches.
Finally, my other question relates to the timing, and you spoke about the difficulty with the Commission and the budgetary authority.
Finally, on resources, although we do not need resources for this particular subject of environmental economic accounts, I agree with Mr Martin that we need sufficient resources.
Finally, on the subject of youth unemployment, which is mentioned under letters F and G of the report, this is also a significant problem.
Finally, one of the most important disadvantages of the report is that it calls for the Member States to ensure 'mutual recognition of certificates and diplomas among the Member States', thereby putting pressure on them to recognise diplomas from various Greek or foreign colleges as 'equivalent' to a degree from a State university.
Finally, please believe me when I say that I will not allow a watered-down stress test to take place.
Finally, since I have a few seconds left, I would like to applaud the work done by Mr Piebalgs, which I think has been exceptional.
Finally, that is also the reason why we call on the Ukrainian authorities to avoid any perception of judicial measures being used selectively and insist that the maximum transparency of investigations, persecutions and trials be guaranteed; we also call on the Commission to assist in the reform of the judiciary in Ukraine by making use of EU capacity-building programmes and to consider creating a high-level EU advisory group for Ukraine to assist the country in its efforts to align itself with EU legislation, including on the judiciary.
Finally, the Commission and the Council should, in the context of their respective competences, keep Parliament informed at all stages of the procedures relating to the protocol and its eventual renewal.
Finally, the Commission should propose measures to ensure an adequate level of financing without diminishing the other funds allocated to transport policy.
Finally, the EU should stimulate and help Russia to come to terms with its totalitarian legacy.
Finally, the European Parliament decides whether or not to grant discharge to an agency, on the basis of the fairly brief reports by the external auditor, and depends on the goodwill of the Executive Director to be given additional information. I believe it is imperative to fill this gap in the legislation on Internal Audit Service (IAS) reports on the agencies and to propose a solution that will see Parliament granted real powers.
Finally, the Green Paper poses the question of how European Union financing would be used to support small and medium-sized enterprises as well.
Finally, the ban on excessive charges for using certain payment methods and on the use of pre-ticked boxes is excellent news from this directive for consumers.
Finally, the commonly recognised goal of joint meetings - that of exchanging arguments and opinions in advance to 'prepare the ground' for plenary when the matter at hand is of major importance - is attainable only if committees remain jointly responsible in all stages of the procedure right up to the adoption of the act.
Finally, the introduction of a trust mark system would ensure additional consumer protection.
Finally, the issue of the IMF's place within the United Nations system will also have to be raised, and if the Europeans do put forward a candidate, they must ensure that the mandate that they give to that person is structured in such a way as to enable him or her to push for a form of global governance that rises to the post-crisis challenges that we face.
Finally, the measures, which, in my view, run contrary to the spirit of the Treaty on the Functioning of the EU, have hit the weakest countries, including Greece, Portugal and Spain, while the stronger, wealthier countries have not yet taken on their share of the burden.
Finally, the motion calls for greater transparency and efficiency in the European Union's administration processes, urging the Commission to be accountable to Parliament for its work.
Finally, the rapporteur also covered one fundamental issue: opposition to absolute strategic autonomy as the final outcome of the CSDP.
Finally, the request for appropriate sustainability criteria for biomass produced for the use of energy is also important.
Finally, the right to self-defence has been sanctioned and weapons may be kept in the home even without a licence.
Finally, the transfer of funds unspent at European Union level to the EU budget rather than returning them to the Member States represents a source of considerable 'savings'.
Finally, the transparency of the procedure, and public participation and scrutiny thereof, are of crucial importance to ensuring, as far as possible, the transparency, quality and independence of the study.
Finally, there are some critics who believe that we should not follow the bilateral path in the negotiations and enter into bilateral agreements.
Finally, this report reminds us that the European Commission needs to ensure that promoting innovation does not endanger the progress made in basic research.
Finally, this report shows once more that there is still a long way to go with regard to management of the EDF and their proper use, which is why I agree with all the rapporteur's conclusions and congratulate him on his work.
Finally, we also need our own resources, and the sooner we have them, the less time we will have or need for debating budgets every year.
Finally, we anticipate the abolition of the requirement of prior declaration of goods on the condition that the EU and Andorra guarantee in their respective territories an equivalent level of security as set out in the relevant acquis.
Finally, we believe that in order to make the European Union budget more equitable and transparent, the existing exceptions and correction mechanisms should be progressively phased out.
Finally, we call on the Commission to transpose the Union's innovation policy into an action plan with specific objectives and measurable targets.
Finally, we do not believe it is wrong for Parliament to award cultural prizes.
Finally, we know too that the issue of Greece will be also on the agenda of the European Council.
Finally, we maintain that it is important to launch a comprehensive analysis to obtain a more precise identification of the possible scenarios and means for operation and exploitation after 2013, which includes all commercial aspects of the exploitation as well as the legal, contractual and financing structures of the different exploitation models that will ensure that a stable governance model is put into place.
Finally, we must come to the aid of innovative SMEs by facilitating their access to diverse forms of financing.
Finally, we must promote a system for protecting intellectual property rights that is balanced and respects inventors' rights while, at the same time, offering our citizens the widest possible access to knowledge: such are the challenges to be met and which innovation could contribute towards in future.
Finally, we must severely punish those involved in this system.
Finally, we should also simplify and improve the system for recognising vocational qualifications in Europe, in order to revive the Internal Market and provide our fellow citizens with the keys to enhanced professional mobility.
Finally, we should also use the summit to reconfirm our political commitment to make progress on crisis management cooperation - provided our decision-making autonomy is in no way affected.
Finally, we very often emphasise in Parliament that people are the most important.
Finally, we wish to stress the role of lifelong training in this sector, which is experiencing rapid changes. I now turn to the 'Youth on the Move' scheme.
Finally, what will the consequences be if you find errors and weak points? There is the risk that we will not be able to do anything at a European level and that it will all come to nothing.
Finally, you quite rightly hoped for a strategy to recapitalise and restructure failing banks, as Mrs Ferreira proposed in her report on crisis management.
Financial consolidation is essential for correcting the errors of the past, and for a sustained growth of Europe's economies that is not supported by public and foreign debt, but rather by the promotion of employment and competitiveness.
Financial control of the implementation of the Community budget takes place at three levels: internal control, within each institution; external control by the European Court of Auditors; and the discharge procedure of the European Parliament.
Financial control on implementing the European Union budget takes place on three levels: internal control, within each institution; external control, carried out by the EU Court of Auditors; and a discharge procedure carried out by the European Parliament.
Financial control on implementing the European Union budget takes place on three levels: internal control, within each institution; external control, carried out by the European Court of Auditors; and a discharge procedure carried out by Parliament.
Financial control on implementing the European Union budget takes place on three levels: internal control, within each institution; external control, carried out by the European Court of Auditors; and a discharge procedure carried out by Parliament. I voted in favour of granting discharge in respect of the implementation of Frontex's budget for the financial year 2009 because the audits carried out by the Court of Auditors and the Committee on Budgetary Control showed that the Agency's transactions were all perfectly legal and regular.
Financial control on implementing the European Union budget takes place on three levels: internal control, within each institution; external control, carried out by the European Court of Auditors; and a discharge procedure carried out by the European Parliament.
Financial institutions should give greater attention to the implementation of measures to raise awareness about the risks, as better information about risk at all levels of society - and among employees - is often crucial in improving risk management.
Financial markets and institutions have to take into account, as part of their corporate social responsibility, the interests of all parties involved, including clients, shareholders and employees.
Financial support and the simplification of legislative procedures for scientific development should be a priority for the EU. To stand still is to move backwards.
Financing of euro bail-outs should be left to those countries that actually wanted to join the euro in the first place.
Financing the new priorities - R&D, innovation, and energy and transportation networks - will be unrealistic while retaining the present level of resources.
Findings from the data available from 10 Member States will be published as soon as possible.
First and foremost is the idea that there should be incentives to stimulate sustainability, not just higher duties.
First and foremost, it is about building on the SME base, which is the main generator of wealth in Europe, through venture capital, guarantee facilities, assistance with loans and simplification of the legislative environment.
First let me start with our clarification concerning the asylum package, as I received very concrete questions on that.
First of all, I call on the High Representative to urgently press the Sudanese authorities to release the Christian, Hawa Abdalla Muhammad Saleh, who was arrested by the security service in a refugee camp in Darfur on religious grounds on 25 May.
First of all, I think that it should be mandatory.
First of all, I wish to congratulate Mr Feio on his excellent report. I believe that the ratio of debt to GDP should be reduced at a 'satisfactory pace'. In this sense, the differential between current government debt and the 60% reference value should be reduced by one-twentieth per year. I welcome Mr Feio's amendment to the initial Commission proposal, according to which the reduction should be calculated at an average rate of one-twentieth per year over the previous three years. I also agree that the assessment of compliance with this condition should begin three years after the closure of the excessive deficit procedures currently under way.
First of all, I would like express my sincerest gratitude to Baroness Ashton for the EU's full support to Estonia in trying to resolve the hostage crisis in Lebanon.
First of all, Italy blocked the imposition of sanctions, then France recognised the transitional council in Benghazi without any consultation and, finally, Germany abstained during the vote on the resolution in the UN Security Council.
First of all, an explicit reminder of the added value of European territorial cooperation and of its potential for increased competitiveness. A proposal to increase its funding to 7% of the next budget for cohesion policy.
First of all, despite its bulk, I cannot find anywhere in this report a single serious attempt to make proposals for structural savings, for example, the abolition of what, in my view, are totally superfluous European institutions, such as the Economic and Social Committee, the Committee of the Regions and a good few European agencies of all kinds.
First of all, if we are going to discuss the content of a constitution, we should not single out one constitution of one Member State.
First of all, it underlines that impact assessment can never be a substitute for political debate and the legislator's decision-making process, but should only help the technical preparation of political decisions.
First of all, the European parties are, as you know, recognised as important entities by the Treaty that was ratified unanimously by our Member States.
First of all, the report sets out the general requirements for IAs at European level.
First of all, there is only one version - at least, I have only had access to an English version - which does not give us an exact picture of what happened.
First of all, we appreciate the efforts of the Commission to improve financial management, but at the same time we regret that Member States do not draw in full the financial assets of the European Social Fund notwithstanding the financial crisis.
First of all, we are in a situation - and this report points this out - in which wireless broadband through the 800 MHz allocation for mobile communications across Europe will be a reality.
First of all, we need to ensure that funding is made easier and there need to be more subsidies and incentives for venture capital.
First of all, we need to reflect on the causes of this outbreak and the factors that have stood in the way of fighting it. Are there too many antibiotics in cattle fodder? Is it the case that the over-intensive nature of agriculture does not do us any favours? To what extent do we need better labelling and tracing? These are important questions, especially now, when the review of the common agricultural policy is on the horizon.
First of all, when it comes to the increase in oil prices, there are actually two sectors which are exempt from all energy taxes already and those are aviation and shipping - including fisheries.
First of all, while we appreciate that the final text may be improved by the votes tomorrow, it is strong enough, and we would simply underline that the role of the International Labour Organisation should be strengthened.
First, I would like to ask you to inquire from your colleagues in the Parliament's Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs about the work of Minister for National Economy György Matolcsy, because the atmosphere in the hearing yesterday was slightly different from what you have talked about here today. I would also recommend that you read the responses of the Member States to the Commission's proposals concerning the European semester.
First, both the Commission and Parliament need to reflect closely, together with the Council, on how the responsibility of the various financial actors can be better defined and outlined in the legislative framework.
First, however, I would like to congratulate the Hungarian Presidency on its great work and express my thanks for it. In particular, I would like to thank Minister of State Enikő Győri, who was always present everywhere, for her work.
First, however, let me say one thing about the permanent debate on Strasbourg versus Brussels. I am a definite advocate of Strasbourg and I believe that if there is any doubt then we should move the entire parliament to Strasbourg, not to Brussels.
First, on proportionality: just to make it clear, a European Arrest Warrant can be issued to prosecute offences which are punishable by at least 12 months' imprisonment, or to execute a sentence to at least 4 months' imprisonment.
First, the Commission calls on the EU Member States to exercise a proportionality test when they call for an Arrest Warrant, and to fill the gaps where their legislation fails to fully comply with the framework decision setting up the Arrest Warrant.
First, the IMF has played a key role, in cooperation with the European Union, in overcoming the sovereign debt crisis in Europe, for which Dominique Strauss-Kahn made a major contribution as the Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund.
First, the adoption of information and communication technology and the development of technologies such as online administration or cloud computing, which save money, reduce costs and effort and, therefore, improve the competitiveness of SMEs.
First, trilingualism would have a negative impact on the competitiveness of companies in the Member States not represented in the system.
First, we can see great similarities between Member States with regard to public debts and deficit ratios, while, at the same time, for the same Member States, there are substantial differences between the risk premiums paid on their sovereign debt.
First, we need to be aware that cities are an important platform for implementation of the Europe 2020 strategy, for reasons that include their undeniable importance in the economic development of Europe's regions.
First: the European Union will strive to encourage Russia to resolve the last remaining outstanding multilateral issues to facilitate WTO accession before the end of 2011, building on the EU-Russia bilateral agreement reached in 2004 and last December.
Firstly I should like to thank everyone who worked on the report and to congratulate the European Food Safety Authority itself, which has respected the need to provide high-quality, independent advice in order to guarantee compliance with safety standards as well as scientific excellence and independence on all matters with a direct or indirect impact on food safety.
Firstly I should like to thank the rapporteur, Mr Stavrakakis, for his excellent work. I voted in favour today of granting discharge to the European Maritime Safety Agency in respect of the implementation of its budget for the financial year 2009. I would, however, like to draw attention to the fact that the Court of Auditors noted a high number of budget transfers in 2009 and add my voice to the request made to the Agency to work on improving its future budgetary planning and monitoring in order to reduce the number of budget transfers.
Firstly let me point out that the stress test is uncharted territory for us. You are well aware of this.
Firstly that Objective 1 funds, for the convergence regions, not be reduced - I would even like to see them increased - by the savings made as a result of certain regions no longer being under Objective 1. These savings must benefit the new intermediary regions of course, but also the other regions.
Firstly, European consumers must be able to know what they are eating.
Firstly, I believe that we should create the inventory proposed in Article 8; it is preferable to rely on a precise, expertly prepared inventory so as to identify new bands before explicitly mentioning harmonised frequency bands.
Firstly, I believe there is no such thing as zero risk, either in this field, or in the environmental field. I think it is very difficult to predict the future, and we know after all, Mr Zemke, that the markets move much more quickly than the age of democracy, than our age, no matter how quickly we move or how quickly and effectively we want to move.
Firstly, I should like to come back to Mr Schmidt's speech so as to discuss the process again.
Firstly, I strongly support the need to improve dialogue between the labour market and the educational system by increasing the number of traineeships available in businesses, in order to enable students to become actively involved in the business world and also to strengthen links between businesses and educational institutions with regard to vocational training. I also think it is a good idea to integrate educational systems more at international level, firstly, to ensure that people's qualifications are fully recognised, and secondly, to promote cross-border mobility projects.
Firstly, I welcome the commitment in the report to at least maintaining the CAP and cohesion funding at present levels in the next perspective.
Firstly, I would like to congratulate the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction (EMCDDA) on the important work that it has been carrying out to reduce the quantity of drugs and of related phenomena in Europe. I agree with the participation of Croatia in the EMCDDA's activities, given the fact that the country has become part of a transit route through which illicit drugs are smuggled, due to its strategic location, and I believe that the adoption of the European programme will lead to the improvement of health care and social peace, at both European and international level.
Firstly, I would like to thank you. I would like to make that clear at the outset. I would like to include my fellow Members who have worked very well together and who have supported Parliament's position very strongly.
Firstly, Japan's protectionist policy in the automotive sector concerns us, because there is an imbalance between exports and imports.
Firstly, Mrs Figueiredo, in relation to issues of global financial regulation, as you know, since the G20 was established as the principal economic forum for global governance in financial matters, it is the G20 that is given precedence on these issues.
Firstly, among these parties, I must mention former South African President and President of the African Union, Thabo Mbeki, and the mediation he performed, and I think we should also emphasise the mediation role that our own special representative to Sudan, Rosalind Marsden, has played.
Firstly, any measures taken must be based on sound scientific evidence; secondly, they must be proportionate; and, thirdly, they should not place a further burden of regulation, and thereby cost, on the agricultural and veterinary industries.
Firstly, as you wanted, the stress tests for 2011 have undergone genuine improvements, particularly in six areas that I would like to inform you about briefly.
Firstly, do all banks have to be stress-tested? Secondly, can we be assured that the stress tests from now on will reflect the true position of banks? And thirdly, what authority does the European Banking Authority have to impose its authority on errant banks, banks that are over-exposed, banks behaving recklessly, and so on?
Firstly, for demanding accountability on the relief which Member States grant to small truck manufacturers.
Firstly, if the CAP is to contribute towards the achievement of the Europe 2020 objectives, the EU agricultural budget for the next financing period should be maintained at least at the same level as the 2013 agricultural budget.
Firstly, in the event of cross-border problems, the law is often not even applied in many cases, as a result of the less than ideal cooperation between the authorities in the different Member States, and, therefore, these cases are not investigated at all.
Firstly, it is not a particularly quick solution: almost a year after the disaster, we have no positive sign of the waiver that the Union must obtain from the WTO before its proposal can enter into force, we have not finished our work as legislators, and we have still to hold negotiations in the Council.
Firstly, it is possible to circumvent the Waste Shipments Regulation by claiming that the articles being exported are second-hand goods rather than waste.
Firstly, let me mention the major elements as regards increased transparency and accountability.
Firstly, minimum rules on the right to interpretation and translation, which were adopted already in 2010.
Firstly, not with more Europe or more money for Europe, but with a better Europe, a Europe with an added value, and Europe should not interfere with matters, such as sport or tourism, which Member States can deal with perfectly well on their own.
Firstly, of having tried to block this issue, despite it being dependent on a World Trade Organisation (WTO) waiver and, in truth, of voting on an issue that can be rendered toothless by a lack of that waiver.
Firstly, on cohesion policy, which is key to regional development. I believe that we need to maintain the cohesion policy budget and create an equitable aid model for all regions with intermediary income so as to make future EU investments in the regions transparent and fair.
Firstly, on the extraction of oil sands, which damages local diversity, we insist on the EU's right to use the Fuel Quality Directive to inhibit their use. I was pleased to hear what the Commissioner had to say on that matter.
Firstly, on the subject of Syria, like Mr Verhofstadt, I would like to know what is stopping Europe from placing President Assad on the EU sanctions list? Which country or countries are currently preventing the European Union from taking the only possible decision? Please tell us. If Mr Westerwelle is the obstacle, then tell us that it is Mr Westerwelle: at least that way, we will know what is shaping different Member States' policy.
Firstly, putting education and training at the heart of our strategy.
Firstly, regarding agriculture - which I mentioned earlier - we call on the Commission to ensure that none of the agreement's provisions, either on the liberalisation of agricultural trade or on intellectual property rights, threaten small-scale farming in India. I am thinking of the provisions on seeds, for example.
Firstly, textile products comprising non-textile parts of animal origin - fur and leather - must show this information on the labels in order to allow consumers to make informed choices.
Firstly, the Commission, Member States and their organisations must provide consumers with information upstream.
Firstly, the European Court of Auditors found serious irregularities in several procurement procedures, including in one IT contract worth around EUR 30 million.
Firstly, the European Union is getting over the failure of the Lisbon strategy, which was devised by the European Council in 2000 with a view to making the European Union the world's knowledge-based economy by 2010.
Firstly, the completely new system it provides should enable us to recognise macroeconomic imbalances at an early stage; and secondly, we should then be able to act quickly.
Firstly, the creation of a category of 'intermediate regions' within cohesion policy in order to ensure that the distribution of Structural Funds matches more closely the real economic and social situation of the territories; and secondly, a renewed call for the creation of a tax on financial transactions as a new resource to safeguard European economic policies.
Firstly, the early years of childhood are critical for cognitive, sensory and motor development.
Firstly, the fact that existing regulations or directives are examined to see how well they are working in practice or how well they are achieving their objectives and are then improved or interpreted more precisely where necessary is not an argument against European policy, but rather an argument in favour of such policy.
Firstly, the idea is to link research and innovation by bringing together all the relevant European Union instruments into a common strategic framework allowing for the introduction of genuinely cross-cutting strategies that cover the entire range of innovation systems, from research to technological development, demonstration and the market.
Firstly, the link between the Cohesion Funds and the Framework Programme for research must be improved. I must stress the importance of the cohesion policy as it has become a major source of support in Europe for research and innovation.
Firstly, the over one thousand agreements already in existence must be retained.
Firstly, the question of the operation of European Union missions.
Firstly, the review has made clear that the distribution of research funds continues to be too concentrated, and we cannot afford to lose sight of this.
Firstly, their intrinsic value in the recreation of cultural templates and in contributing to the construction of a common European identity.
Firstly, there are the tariff negotiations where we have made some good progress quickly over the last few months and I am confident that India will significantly improve its offer, but a few sectors remain very difficult; notably, cars, and wine and spirits.
Firstly, there is no mention in the text of the effects of illegal trade on small businesses.
Firstly, there is the decline in fish stocks; secondly, the general fall in prices in precisely the area where fish stocks are healthy and supply is too high; and thirdly - and this is what we are concerned about today - operating costs are higher as a result of rising crude oil prices.
Firstly, there is the view that goes: we now have an agreement which is the most extensive in the world.
Firstly, to achieve our goals of a more sustainable green transport system and thus implement the 'polluter pays' principle.
Firstly, to come back immediately to the issue raised just now by Mrs Gáll-Pelcz, who talked about the responsibility of the Commission - I am used to facing up to my responsibilities - I would point out that these stress tests that are being performed today have been designed by, and are the responsibility of, the new authority that we have created together, the European Banking Authority.
Firstly, uneven geographical participation and poor participation in projects by researchers from certain parts of the Union, especially those from the less developed regions and from the countries which joined the EU in 2004 or later.
Firstly, we have the economic governance package. I would like to thank this Parliament very sincerely for the extremely hard work and commitment it has shown in maintaining a high level of ambition on this issue.
Firstly, we need a vision for Europe and we need to decide what added value the European budget brings to that vision for Europe? Secondly, yes, Mr Ashworth, the budget should be renewed and made greener, it should be a forward-looking budget.
Firstly, we need to encourage the mobility and attractiveness of cultural factors, such as the mobility of artists, cultural workers and works of art and, secondly, we need to ensure that specific funding and economic support policies are put in place in the cultural sector, such as access to funds via the European Investment Bank.
Firstly, we need to have a much sounder basis for the requirement for a proportionality check, so that minor offences are not covered.
Firstly, we need to have better access to credit and financial support; we need more investment in scientific research and development; clear rules offering long-term prospects in terms of innovation; simplified procedures for accessing European and national support programmes; and cheap, simple European patents.
Firstly, we should note the need to maintain the institutional balance enshrined in the Treaty, within which framework the European Commission proposes laws and Parliament and the Council adopt them.
Firstly, will these tests have to be carried out by German nuclear plants which have been shut down? Secondly, what will be the consequences of the closure of German nuclear power plants for the internal European energy market?
Firstly, with regard to carbon leakage, the Commission would like to stress that in the latest amendment of the ETS Directive the European Parliament and the Council have decided to tackle this issue by allocating a higher share of free allowances for sectors and subsectors deemed to be at a significant risk of carbon leakage.
Firstly, with regard to points 24 and 25 in the report concerning children staying at school and increasing their attendance at school, I would like to ask the following question.
Fisheries partnership agreements have the aim of conserving and safeguarding activities in the EU's fisheries and developing relations with third countries with a view to reinforcing sustainable exploitation of resources outside Union waters. I have voted in favour of the Council's recommendation for Parliament to support the conclusion of the agreement in question.
Fishermen's incomes are also dependent on the price of oil.
Fishing is a particularly important part of the economy, but it should also be stressed that fishing has a cultural value, which is passed on from generation to generation.
Fishing is an important economic sector for the European Union and needs to receive support at a time when the average price of a barrel of oil will remain at USD 80-100.
Fishing opportunities and financial contribution provided for by the EU-Seychelles Fisheries Partnership Agreement (
Five men were arrested under the Terrorism Act outside the Sellafield nuclear plant on 2 May, and the Irish Government has not yet stated whether the British Government shared all the security information about the incident with it.
Flexibility is important because the situation varies in the different Member States. I also welcome the measures proposed in the report supporting young people in the agricultural sector. I believe that this offers an effective method of combating depopulation in rural areas.
Flexible rules for sanctions, complaints and compensation mechanisms are necessary in order to adapt to the changing market conditions and new market practices.
Focusing the funds' joint action at regional or local level enhances their added value and permits stakeholders to fine-tune specific actions to the real economic and social needs and, therefore, to the employment situation in each specific region.
Following Member States and waiting for permission from Foreign Ministers to go ahead has become Lady Ashton's doctrine and she treats it as virtue.
Following a credible referendum at the beginning of this year, we commended Sudanese parties on the remarkable job they did in organising the referendum.
Following an internal notification OLAF decided to open an investigation, and therefore, in order to be in possession of all the necessary facts, we would like to await the result of this investigation before we grant discharge.
Following careful examination, the EU committee responsible recognised that these countries have fulfilled all the criteria for membership of the Schengen area: they offer sufficient assurances as regards the protection of national borders on land, at sea and in the air and they have mastered the Schengen Information System for data exchange and reliably ensure data protection.
Following efforts and actions made by some Member States in the HRC, today Syria has stated that it is withdrawing its candidacy to become a member of the UNHRC.
Following long negotiations between the various institutions, this new legal framework will ensure clear and common conditions for citizens and businesses in the EU. Cross-border commercial transactions and online transactions are now harmonised, so ensuring greater security and transparency for EU consumers and businesses.
Following recent events which have highlighted the potential abuses of lobbying, it has appeared all the more necessary to increase transparency regarding the work of interest groups at the European institutions.
Following the Action Plan on Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) Applications, published by the Commission on 14 June 2010 with a view to increasing the European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service (EGNOS), efforts should be made to extend the navigation system to cover the entire EU. Indeed, the expansion of this system can offer huge advantages for the economy and security.
Following the New Deal policy model from the United States, the solution to the current economic and financial crisis will involve restoring economic growth based on investments and creating new jobs.
Following the accession of Bulgaria and Romania to the European Union, both countries' marine areas are part of the pan-European waters and the regulations are directly applicable in their national legislations.
Following the adoption of a motion this week, I am delighted that the Parliament calls on the Commission to introduce emergency measures, including raising the current ceiling for State aid from EUR 30 000 to EUR 60 000 per company for a transitional period of three years.
Following the adoption of the Treaty of Lisbon, Parliament's powers have been strengthened, making it colegislator in almost all areas under the ordinary legislative procedure.
Following the adoption of the Treaty of Lisbon, the European Union's diplomatic activities have been beefed up with a view to raising Europe's profile on the international stage. I welcome the adoption of this report, which calls for better representation for the Community institutions in international organisations.
Following the agreement last December of an overall EUR 85 billion assistance programme for Ireland, the Irish authorities have undertaken a great deal of work to implement the adjustment programme to which the financial support was attached.
Following the debate, the resolution adopted criticised the idea put forward by certain Member States of freezing the EU budget at 2013 levels, given the financial difficulties that many EU countries have faced in recent times.
Following the disastrous euro rescue package, which simply involved the net contributors taking a hit for the mismanagement and corruption in a few southern states, the plan is now to ask the already overburdened citizens of the net contributor countries to cough up even more money.
Following the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon, Parliament has strengthened its role in the conclusion of international air agreements.
Following the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon, agreements covering a field to which the ordinary legislative procedure applies require Parliament's consent. I voted in favour of this report aimed at setting out some general principles regarding how air agreements should be evaluated, both in terms of substance and the procedures the European Parliament Committee on Transport and Tourism might adopt to ensure that it is well informed throughout the course of negotiations and has an opportunity to express its priorities well before being confronted with the yes/no choice of consent.
Following the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon, both institutions need a formal agreement on reviews of expenditure to replace the 30-year-old 'gentlemen's agreement'. Citizens have the right to demand transparency as far as the Council's and Parliament's finances are concerned.
Following the failure of Europe's market share in the growing satellite navigation systems market to live up to expectations, in June last year, the Commission brought forward an action plan on global navigation satellite system (GNSS) applications.
Following the floods that devastated a vast portion of Pakistan's territory last summer, the Commission tabled a proposal to grant the country extensive autonomous trade preferences in the form of exemption from customs duties, affecting 75 product lines of interest to Pakistan: essentially textiles and clothing.
Following the increase in Parliament's powers under the Treaty of Lisbon, it has become essential, in the interests of transparency, to establish a common register between Parliament and the Commission for the registration and monitoring of organisations and individuals participating in the development and implementation of EU policy.
Following the positive results of the evaluations and follow-up visits by teams of experts, it can be concluded that although some issues remain outstanding and regular reports and future follow-up visits are being demanded, these do not constitute an obstacle to the full accession of Bulgaria and Romania to the Schengen area.
Following the ratification of the Treaty of Lisbon, Parliament is a colegislator in almost all areas.
Following the ratification of the Treaty of Lisbon, Parliament's powers have been strengthened and it is now colegislator in many areas under the ordinary legislative procedure.
Following the ratification of the Treaty of Lisbon, the powers of the European Parliament have been enhanced and this is attracting increasing numbers of representatives asking for intervention.
Following the relevant expert evaluations, and in spite of the fact that there are still some problems to be resolved, both countries have shown they are prepared to implement the provisions of the Schengen acquis and can therefore fully accede to it.
Following the visits made on the ground and the technical evaluations which were carried out, not only the rapporteur appointed by the European Parliament but the group of experts, too, concluded that Romania fulfils all the criteria for joining the Schengen area, which were provisions assumed through the Treaty of Accession in 2005.
Following this act, the Union must use this new ambition in the service of effective multilateralism, with the full strength of its values at the core.
Following this, the Commission will present its proposals on the reform of the common agricultural policy in the second half of 2011, in order to ensure that we can coordinate the submission of legislative proposals at budget level while taking into account our ambitions for the future common agricultural policy.
Following those negotiations, we now have three new elements, which require us to turn our attention to the evaluation of the programme.
Following today's vote on labelling, consumers will no longer face the risk of mistakenly buying textiles containing real leather or fur. I believe that consumers have the right to know what the products they buy are made from, and this report ensures that any animal-derived materials will be indicated on textile product labels.
Following various reports and in-depth debates, Parliament launched its register for representatives of interest groups in 1996.
Following very fruitful cooperation between the three institutions, I believe we have reached our common objective, namely, the establishment of this framework regulation on European environmental economic accounts with its first set of three modules, which cover air emissions accounts, environmentally-related taxes or levies and material flow accounts.
Food security at EU and global level and globalisation necessitate a new and strong common agricultural policy, which will firstly improve our competitiveness on the international market, secondly ensure a fair income for farmers, thirdly ensure that consumers can buy high-quality products at fair prices, fourthly ensure the sustainable development of rural areas and fifthly help to improve the state of the environment.
Food security, food safety, biodiversity, climate change, new technologies and creating a viable, competitive market-led industry have to be the focus.
For Croatian to be an official language, the Treaty has to be modified.
For Greece to start to grow out of the fiscal crisis, part of the debt burden should be forgiven and absorbed by creditors, public and private alike.
For Lithuanians, it is crucial that the sums earmarked for cohesion policy in the next MFF are not smaller than those in this financial period.
For Russia, European scientific and technical progress has been emulated since the time of Peter the Great, but it has simultaneously been feared as something that could potentially destroy the Russian soul and way of being, and viewed as a threat to its territorial integrity.
For a long time, antibiotics were seen as a wonder drug that cured infectious diseases.
For a moment, allow me to deviate from the protocol for the sake of a historic reference.
For a second time, through the use of red tape, it is refusing to allow the registration of an initiative regarding a public referendum on the issue of nuclear power plant construction.
For a year now, the essence of the economic governance package has been applied to my country with disastrous consequences: the recession is getting worse, inflation has gone through the roof, investments have completely dried up, labour rights and collective agreements have basically been repealed, the biggest drop in the cost of labour has been in Europe, unemployment has reached 20% and debt has increased, fuelling a dangerous vicious circle of recession, debt and more borrowing.
For all that, I have no intention of hiding the fact that my group had major problems with the original Commission proposal and also with the rapporteur's position at first reading.
For all their diversity, Europeans share a great number of strong values, such as respect for human rights, democracy and the rule of law, which must be extended to the international stage.
For all these reasons, I shall be voting in favour of this motion for a resolution.
For all these reasons, even though I am under no illusions about its realisation, I voted for Mrs Niebler's report.
For all these reasons, we consider this report a long way from what is needed for a better, fairer future for Europe and its citizens.
For businessmen and women, it is important to have the chance to explore new markets, to sell their goods and services, and they are in the gift of our Member States, some of whom have long relationships with the countries concerned, but who now need to step up and provide those opportunities.
For companies within EU countries, there would be gains if we could tackle barriers to public procurement, to the medical devices market - where there is insufficient recognition of international standards, to services - including financial services and postal services, and access for SMEs.
For effective use to be made of all funds, this is a priority. I also appeal to the Commission to simplify the concept of cohesion policy and focus it on results, and not on complicated monitoring procedures.
For example, EUR 34 billion left the six Irish domestic banks in the last three months of 2010, forcing them to rely on what is supposedly short-term funding from the ECB to the tune of EUR 160 billion.
For example, I cannot agree that registration is de facto mandatory when only registered lobbyists have access to Parliament.
For example, I met a school secretary who paid over EUR 2 000 because the school could not afford to pay it as she felt responsible because she had signed the form.
For example, Parliament refused to come together in good time prior to this historic Council meeting to adopt a resolution to address the problems relating precisely to this historic crisis. I found it very regrettable that even those Members on the left who sit here to my right were not able to gather themselves together in good time to make a statement on behalf of Parliament with regard to Greece.
For example, a literary work, or even a work of art or music is, first and foremost, an essential manifestation of the talent of the artist and a social response.
For example, cohesion policy and structural funds are key to encouraging growth in our regions.
For example, direct aid will no longer simply be based on a premium per hectare, but the size of the farm, employment arrangements, labour productivity and legal form will also be taken into consideration at long last. I am also very pleased that these payments will only be awarded to farmers who are truly active in the sector, so that the aid goes to those who genuinely need it and who use it to benefit agriculture.
For example, does the selection process manage cross-border business and shareholder relations, as well as different business models? Another question is whether it can be stated with absolute certainty that such a series of stress tests will not ignore any bank whose operation might present a risk to the European economy.
For example, doubts still remain about possible conflicts of interest in relation to the assessment of the appetite suppressant benfluorex.
For example, in 2009, the Chinese authorities adopted a system of accreditation of innovative local products, which restricted yet further access on the part of international businesses to the Chinese market.
For example, in order to deal with the problem of the ageing population, we need so-called classic innovations, on the one hand, such as new drugs, and, on the other, we should be thinking about innovative models for society, pensions and healthcare systems.
For example, in the case of Greece, the Memorandum stipulates the following: 'The government shall ensure that company-level agreements take precedence over sectoral agreements, which, in turn, take precedence over occupational agreements.
For example, in the case of the two largest EU projects, which are the global satellite navigation system and the European joint undertaking for ITER and the development of nuclear fusion, I consider it unacceptable that such important projects are literally 'drowning' in deficiencies which any decent manager would know how to resolve.
For example, it calls on the Member States to support doctoral and post-doctoral programmes that will underpin competitiveness and to facilitate 'labour mobility', commonly known as job insecurity.
For example, it hopes for greater integration and common management in crisis situations: recent events in Libya have shown that Europe acts dispersedly, with some Member States directly engaged, others that have wriggled out, and practically only one country - Italy - to manage the direct consequences of the Libyan crisis and the North African crises in general, in other words, a flood of migrants.
For example, it is very strange to propose binding sustainability criteria for a renewable resource like forests, but to not have similar criteria for fossil fuels like coal.
For example, it proposes replacing markings on labels with language-independent symbols to avoid translation of fibre names into several EU languages.
For example, let us create a real Common Foreign and Security Policy to give Europe more influence on the world stage, but also in order to make the best use of public money.
For example, the European Training Foundation and Cedefop, although both working on vocational education and training, have different geographical scope.
For example, the Irish State is on track to owe EUR 750 billion by 2014, and we have a government debt that is more than EUR 120 000 per worker.
For example, the Kremlin has prevented a number of political parties from registering for the State Duma elections on procedural grounds, and the list is likely to be extended to include the People's Freedom Party led by Mikhail Kasyanov, Vladimir Milov, Boris Nemtsov and Vladimir Ryzhkov.
For example, the problem of unemployment requires training for the unemployed, but also needs promotion of enterprise and support for structural infrastructure. A variety of funds come into play, here.
For example, the report fails to recognise that the commercial banks' ability to make money from speculative financial investments was a very important factor in the crisis.
For example, the report presented stresses that, due to complicated rules, there is slow uptake of European Union funds earmarked for TEN and TNI projects and other cohesion policy priorities. I feel that in this area there is an urgent need to ensure the simplification, effectiveness and transparency of procedures.
For example, the report proposes increasing the programme's financing but, at the same time, it proposes identifying common research areas among those which appear most promising in terms of concrete applications, enabling the highest extent of sharing in an ethical context, so that tangible results are achieved when implementing this programme.
For example, the report states that the purpose of development policy should not be to defend the EU's interests, but rather those of the most vulnerable populations on the planet.
For example, there is no right to legal representation, prison conditions are, in some cases, disgraceful and very often the investigations take an extremely long time.
For example, there was a British citizen who, when arrested on the battlefield in Afghanistan carrying weapons and wearing the black turban of the Taliban, gave the explanation that he was in Afghanistan in order to take a computer course.
For example, we feel that this means banning wage dumping and tax dumping, or setting minimum standards to stop competition being distorted on the labour market.
For example, we have left room for manoeuvre with regard to the type of public participation, the education and training of employees and managers and the details of the financial models - not the quality of the financing - and we are deliberately leaving open the regulation of the final storage facilities built and/or operated jointly by several Member States.
For example, we need a clear definition of whistleblowing, we need whistleblowers to have a right to be heard, we need independent points of contact that can provide information on rights, obligations and options, and not least we also need precise handling deadlines for the competent EU institutions.
For example, we should mention that some of the Baltic States have managed to overcome the crisis and that, with European support, Ireland will succeed in returning to the bond markets next year.
For example, we should strengthen the independence of the Impact Assessment Board, which is currently under the authority of the President of the Commission.
For example, when India received a complaint from the World Trade Organisation about the 500% tariffs that it was applying to European wines, it got round it unfairly by having the individual Indian states impose the same tariffs.
For generations, the owners of European forests have complied with the strictest legislation on forests and nature conservation.
For her to say that an MEP's immunity should be waived because the comments for which he or she is being criticised did not come within the scope of his or her parliamentary activities is absolute nonsense from a legal point of view.
For if - and this brings me to my second group of points - in revising the Stability and Growth Pact our only objective is the kind of governance that will satisfy the rating agencies, then we will be missing an important opportunity in the history of our economic and monetary union.
For if we do not assume our responsibility and take a clear line, then we can forget what was said earlier by Ms Toia: we need to be aware that in 2020 - and we set this out in the Digital Agenda - every European should be able to pursue his or her interests via what are ultimately spectrum opportunities.
For instance, American platforms have been enjoying a moratorium since 1998, which has led to their extraordinary boom.
For instance, Lithuania's GDP per capita remains low (when we joined the EU, it was 48% of the Union average). However, it is believed that by 2020, Lithuania's GDP will be at least 50% greater than it was without cohesion policy assistance.
For instance, even a 30% haircut would mean that a large part of the banking system would end up under-capitalised, while a 50% haircut, which many have advocated, would imply that a large part of the Greek banking system would simply become insolvent.
For instance, in the Maghreb countries - as you probably know - the reality is that trade among themselves is almost insignificant.
For instance, it is estimated that in the near future, it will be possible to achieve geographic locations accurate to 45 centimetres.
For instance, some are saying that with the Romanian-Bulgarian accession, the Roma population will begin to move from these two countries. I would like to be very clear: freedom of movement is a basic principle of the European Union, it is effective and valid, it is what our policies are built upon; this freedom is currently enjoyed by the Romanian and Bulgarian Roma population, just as by everyone else in every corner of the European Union.
For instance, the Fatah-Hamas reconciliation would have been inconceivable without the Arab revolution in Egypt and also without the recent bloody repression in Syria.
For instance, the present Commission made the very first legislative proposal on 10 February 2010 - the day after you had voted in favour of setting up the present Commission - when we adopted a regulation on audit powers for Eurostat, which gives Eurostat the possibility of checking and verifying the quality of statistics at the source, which is very important.
For instance, the reciprocity principle should be applied in the context of the legal remedies available in the event of commercial disputes, and there is a need to improve the protection of intellectual property rights, including trademarks, patents and geographical indications.
For instance, tourism and recreation can be important drivers of rural economies.
For instance: more open access and dissemination of research results, wider calls in the field of socio-economic sciences, more collaborative research, efforts to improve the mobility of researchers, more actions for innovative SMEs, better coordination with the Member States.
For it is possible to create synergy between Union programmes for the support of culture, such as Culture 2007-2013, for example, with existing Union research programmes (such as the Eighth Framework Programme, which supports the EU's technological development), or to extend the possibilities for spending money from existing funds (such as the European Social Fund, for example). We also recommend supporting the development of new and innovative financial instruments (compilations of bank guarantees, returnable deposits and intelligent loans), thanks to which it would be easier for creators or small and medium-sized businesses from the creative sector to start their enterprises.
For its part, the Commission should ensure adequate levels of funding. I should also note that, of the 15 actions included in the Commission's action plan, nine should have an immediate application.
For its part, the EMCDDA will treat the Republic of Croatia as an existing Member State, through equal treatment in terms of linkage to the European Information Network on Drugs and Drug Addiction (REITOX) and staffing provisions.
For its part, the European Parliament has been consulted.
For many people, they mark the beginning of a European spirit, the first time they came into contact with colleagues and people their own age, really helping to strengthen the Union, and even more so given the new responsibilities for sport that the Union has assumed following the Treaty of Lisbon.
For many youngsters and professionals, programmes such as Comenius, Lifelong Learning, Youth in Action, etc. have represented the true coming-together of the European Union, inspiring truly European sentiments.
For me, and the majority of Lithuanians, it is therefore important for the new rules on the labelling of textile products mentioned in this report to help protect the reputation of our textile sector.
For me, education must be a political priority.
For me, the European Arrest Warrant symbolises the concept of a European state and citizenship of the European Union at the expense of the sovereignty of the Member States and at the expense of citizens' rights.
For me, the discussion about the various proposals in this report is about the choice of whether Europe is to be number one or number three.
For me, there is a whiff of superiority here, with Europe saying: 'We have got rid of child labour, but you Indians are still using it'. That is not the relationship we should have with a very important trading partner.
For millions of Europeans, programmes such as Erasmus, Lifelong Learning, Comenius, Leonardo, Youth in Action, and many others besides, are not just labels but a symbol of the European Union's existence.
For more than 10 years now, Parliament has been calling for tighter controls, including legislation on European inspections: for minimum criteria for inspections in Mr Jackson's report in 1999, for legislative reform for shipments of waste in Mr Blokland's report in 2003, and for minimum criteria for inspections in the 2008 resolution.
For my group, it was important to call for a coherent strategy that more effectively coordinates existing EU external policy programmes with cultural components, thereby taking account of cultural diversity in the EU. Mrs Pack has already made reference to this, saying that the existing structures in the Member States and between them, such as the EUNIC network of national institutes for culture, must be incorporated and that civil society must be seen as part of European external cultural policy.
For my part, I am in agreement with proceeding with the debate, but I should like to avoid arguments.
For my part, I believe that we should not only introduce the concept of a legislative footprint as soon as possible, but also a legislative fingerprint, in other words we should go public on all lobbyists with whom we come in contact and what our business is with them. I would invite you to take a look at my website, where I have set up a lobby ticker that registers every lobbyist contact, irrespective of whether or not I am currently working on a legislative initiative.
For my part, I do not see this as political grandstanding but rather the search for ownership, to enable ownership by the people.
For my part, I had the honour of working on the future of European territorial cooperation - Objective 3 of cohesion policy - and I should like to thank the shadow rapporteur and the European Commission for their fruitful collaboration.
For my part, I think this has been a useful and important debate, which shows how united Parliament is and how ready it is to offer its support for consistent and effective external action by Europe.
For my political group here in Parliament, national sovereignty over decisions on economic policy is a fundamental principle.
For next year that means mobilising additionally almost EUR 500 million for the southern Mediterranean and generally for that neighbourhood, consuming the margin of Heading 4, but that is also at the expense of flexibility instruments up to EUR 150-153 million.
For our own part, we wish here to reaffirm the necessity of respecting the ability of the Malagasy people to choose and determine their own future.
For our part, too, we welcome the six-party agreement which Mr Bütikofer mentioned, and we are also grateful that several speakers acknowledged the Hungarian Presidency's endeavours and that the Hungarian Presidency is handling this issue truly as a priority.
For our part, we declare ourselves willing to discuss agricultural products and to open up our market, but with a few conditions attached: obviously, we must say 'no' to GMOs and do everything we can to protect geographical indications.
For our part, we will continue to advocate making full use of these funds and making them complement each other, in order to defend and promote production in each country, making use of their potential for combating unemployment and promoting jobs with rights, to create wealth and distribute it better, to advocate quality public services, to combat poverty, and to defend small-scale coastal fishing, family-run farms and small and medium-sized farmers.
For our part, we will continue to advocate making full use of these funds and making them complement each other, in order to defend and promote production in each country, to combat unemployment and promote jobs with rights, to create wealth and distribute it better, to advocate quality public services, to combat poverty, and to defend small-scale coastal fishing, family-run farms and small and medium-sized farmers.
For our small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and entrepreneurs, Innovation Union is working to create conditions on intellectual property rights (IPR), standard setting and access to finance that will be much more conducive to innovation.
For pity's sake, we urgently need to adopt a clear position on cloning to prevent cloned meat and the offspring of cloned animals being placed on the European market, which is what European consumers and European citizens want!
For reasons of European animal welfare policy alone, we should be taking measures against cloning, Mr Dalli, and we hope that you will draw up a regulation as quickly as possible.
For regions like the one where we are now, here in Strasbourg and in Alsace generally, living on a frontier no longer equates with being restricted by borders, and the benefits extend far beyond these border regions.
For several months, the whole of Europe has been looking at the situation in the countries of North Africa, watching events which are taking place in our immediate neighbourhood with unconcealed anxiety.
For some time, the Commission has already been carrying out impact assessments of legislation before submitting legislative proposals to the European Parliament and the Council, but the report states that these impact assessment procedures still need to be greatly improved.
For that matter, one measure which can be taken in the public sector in particular is to impose strict rules for people to retire who have reached retirement age so as to free up jobs for young people.
For that reason (and in the light of the allocation of competences laid down in Article 9(1) of the Framework Directive), I oppose the establishment of an overarching spectrum planning and management system at European level.
For that reason as well, I think we should find a balanced solution to the matter of interparliamentary cooperation.
For that reason, I find the blocking tactics of a number of Member States - including my home country of Germany - totally incomprehensible.
For that reason, although an agreement has to be asymmetrical, at the end of the day, the tariffs must be zero.
For that reason, barriers that are still in place need to be removed and procedures simplified, while existing programmes need to be expanded and promoted.
For that reason, it gives me great pleasure to hear Commissioner Reding say that Member States will be required to exercise a proportionality test and to take care not to issue arrest warrants for minor offences.
For that reason, the ALDE Group strongly supports the Commissioner's position and insists on maintaining the status quo.
For that reason, we are still demanding that Member States submit their national declarations of assurance.
For that reason, we have also supported the rapporteur, Mr Coelho, from the start in his view that the same standards must apply to all Member States, including when it comes to Schengen.
For that to happen, as pointed out by the text of this resolution, which I endorse, it is important that the question of simplification and clarification of the rules for awarding public contracts finds answers quickly.
For that we will do the prudent work and then come to our authorising environment, to the Council and to Parliament, for your approval of the approach we are proposing to fill gaps.
For the European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service (EGNOS) to be fully effective from a transport perspective, its range has to be the whole of the Union, and indeed beyond, to cover our closest neighbours.
For the Japanese, there would be gains in the automotive and ICT sectors.
For the above reasons, I voted for this report and I support a European Commission proposal on this matter, which should, in future, involve the European Parliament itself, as well as economic and civil-society stakeholders.
For the above reasons, and in order to be able to develop a clear and comprehensive set of indicators that are, at the same time, consistent, relevant and objectively measurable, I voted for the motion being discussed.
For the dominant credit rating agencies (CRAs) in particular, the payment model is a problem, while the regulatory system's key problem is over-reliance on external credit ratings.
For the duration of the procedure, the joint committees thus become responsible within the meaning of the Rules of Procedure.
For the first time we are going to have a responsibility, a say, and be part of the final decision-making process.
For the first time, the 'polluter pays' principle will be applied to road transport, and it will be possible to charge heavy goods vehicles for noise and air pollution when they use the EU's motorways.
For the first time, there is a new European supervisory framework with experience of the two previous tests, enabling the promotion of transparency, the promotion of reliability and, clearly, the promotion of effectiveness, which is the key aspect of these third tests.
For the forthcoming period, we will certainly consider whether the level of the current upper limit is justified and whether any adjustments are necessary in order to better design or secure the absorption capacity.
For the future programming period I think that a single strategic approach, supported by a set of common implementation regulations for the European Regional Development Fund, the European Social Fund and the Cohesion Fund, will produce added value.
For the future, we need a detailed report in this regard in order to significantly increase the speed of the GSM first generation network.
For the immediate future, the EU and the Member States should focus their resources on finding the source of the contamination in order to end the outbreak and the deaths that it has caused, and to restore consumer confidence in the food chain, as without this, it is impossible to put an end to our farmers' desperation.
For the majority of countries, debt reduction is a crucial issue, given the negative effects that it has on economic incentives, and on the growth of the economy thanks to increased taxes and risk premiums.
For the majority of people, the origin of the products plays a very important role in their decisions about what they want to spend their money on. In the textile sector, there is a need for a great deal more information in this area so that consumers know where the jumpers, jackets and trousers, etc. that they are buying come from and which materials they are made of. As things currently stand, the labelling requirements are highly inadequate.
For the most part, therefore, the collection of the relevant data will not impose any additional burden on respondents, as the Member States concerned should be able to compile the data by using existing data sources.
For the official signing, I should like to welcome Minister Győri and Maroš Šefčovič, Vice-President of the European Commission, and our colleagues Diana Wallis, Vice-President of the European Parliament, who was in the negotiator's team, Vice-President Isabelle Durant, Vice-President Rainer Wieland and Carlo Casini, Chair of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs and also the rapporteur.
For the producers affected, this gave rise to dramatic losses of income that threatened their very survival.
For the reasons given above, and in order to further improve cooperation with non-EU countries, I have voted in favour.
For the reasons mentioned, I support the position of the rapporteur.
For the sake of fairness, cohesion policy must also tackle sub-regional development inequalities to restore meaning to the word 'cohesion', that is to say this solidarity which is the added value of the European Union.
For the sake of fairness, we should also provide appropriate support to regions that do not qualify for Objective 1 but are nonetheless faced with structural difficulties. I am therefore glad that the European Commission has proposed creating an intermediate category for regions where GDP per capita is between 75 and 90% of the EU average. I would like to take this opportunity to thank Commissioner Hahn for this work.
For the sake of stability, the EU budget's system of resources needs to be rethought so as to replace current national contributions with European resources.
For the sake of sustainable development, it is vital to make the right decisions on matters of environmental policy, namely, those based on reliable data. I therefore support and welcome the proposal for a regulation of Parliament and of the Council on European environmental economic accounts, as I believe that this will contribute to policy evaluation, particularly by making data available concerning the environmental impact of economic activities.
For the same reasons, I believe that a multicultural, multilingual and practical education is essential for shaping the citizens of the future, especially if this is achieved by means of mobility schemes such as Youth on the Move.
For the time being, the Commission has no plans to amend the framework directive on occupational safety and health.
For the vast majority of European citizens, the right to move freely is the embodiment of the European project and one of the most tangible results of the European Union, and I am pleased to say that most Europeans use their right to the full - people make around 1.25 billion journeys as tourists within the European Union countries every year.
For their part, entrepreneurs will have the opportunity to offer new quality services, which will stimulate the development of the common European economy.
For there is one thing that must be clear to us, which is that for the 16th time in succession the European Court of Auditors has not given a positive statement.
For these reasons Parliament has today voted to grant budgetary discharge for 2009.
For these reasons, I am voting in favour of the report.
For these reasons, I voted against this report.
For these reasons, I voted in favour of this European Parliament resolution on equal access to public sector markets in the EU and in third countries, and on the revision of the public procurement legal framework, including concessions.
For these reasons, I voted in favour of this resolution.
For these reasons, amongst others, I have decided to vote in favour of this dossier.
For these reasons, and for the sake of a better road system in Europe, I voted in favour.
For these reasons, and in order that the cooperation between the EU and the Republic of Seychelles may be strengthened for development, responsible exploitation and responsible fishing, I hereby express my vote in favour.
For these reasons, as a matter of national interest and as a member of Parliament's Committee on Transport and Tourism, I voted against the document tabled in plenary.
For these reasons, on 2 February 2010 these three countries signed the Agreement on the Protection and Sustainable Development of the Prespa Park Area, with the participation of the EU, which also requires the consent of the European Parliament.
For these reasons, the Confederal Group of the European United Left - Nordic Green Left refuses to back this report.
For these reasons, the European Commission's efforts to go beyond GDP and create a series of data and indicators that will improve its ability to interpret phenomena and help to better define policies and financial allocations should be commended.
For these reasons, the three countries concerned signed the Agreement on the Protection and Sustainable Development of the Prespa Park Area on 2 February 2010, with the participation of the EU. The purpose of the agreement is to establish cooperation so as to ensure the integrated protection of the ecosystem and the sustainable development of the Prespa Park area, including the drawing up of integrated river basin management plans, in accordance with international and EU standards.
For these reasons, we should make schools and businesses more aware of the need to create networks, improving young people's practical knowledge by means of apprenticeships.
For this reason I am voting in favour of the proposal to increase the funds earmarked for urban development. I also agree with the idea that new investments should not be made exclusively in the economy and in specific sectors; instead, I would argue for the necessary implementation of projects which are to a large extent aimed at social cohesion and integration of the parts.
For this reason I would ask you, Mr Oettinger, not to try to pull the wool over our eyes.
For this reason it is important that Parliament should propose to enhance the European Urban Agenda within the framework of EU policies, reinforcing the contribution of cohesion policy to urban development and encouraging greater involvement on the part of local political stakeholders.
For this reason we have requested the agency, with the cooperation of the Internal Audit Service, to conduct an audit and present us with the results by the end of June.
For this reason, I am grateful that our invitation was accepted on a working level and that Ukraine, Russia, Switzerland, Armenia, Croatia and Turkey agreed to take the next step of a joint European stress test, which will allow a safety investigation to be carried out beyond the borders of the European Union.
For this reason, I am very grateful to my fellow Members - Mr Schlyter, as well as Mr Zalewski, Mr Sturdy and Mr Rinaldi - because they have tried and succeeded in finding a broad consensus. I think it would be a good thing if the other groups would reconsider this issue and recognise that the compromise on the table is actually a very good solution that tries to cater to all needs.
For this reason, I have decided to abstain on this own-initiative report, pending the Commission's proposal for a regulation on this matter.
For this reason, I hope that tomorrow's vote will show that the compromise that has been sought is supported by Parliament.
For this reason, I think we should actually be pressing ahead with an EU-Japan free trade agreement. I recognise that there are concerns over the natural disasters that have befallen Japan, but I have spoken to many Japanese colleagues, friends and others who believe that, if we tread sensitively, an EU-Japan agreement would send a signal that Japan is back on its way and is on the road to recovery.
For this reason, I voted for a text that tries to integrate development in the European Union with new social indicators, seeks a clearly defined measurement system that goes beyond GDP, and complements it in the context of decision making.
For this reason, I voted in favour of Parliament's proposal, which adopts the Commission proposal as adapted to the recommendations of the Consultative Working Party of the legal services of the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission.
For this reason, I voted in favour of Parliament's proposal, which takes over the Commission proposal as adapted to the recommendations of the Consultative Working Party of the legal services of the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission.
For this reason, I was keen to stress, through my vote, the need for the European Union to ensure that social standards and workers' rights are adhered to when signing agreements with these countries.
For this reason, I welcome the support the EU has pledged in order to help build this new state.
For this reason, Member States should ensure that vocational education and training is better adjusted to the needs of the labour market, and that vocational education provides employees with the skills needed to take up new, sustainable jobs that will be created in the future sustainable economy. I consider the role of local governments, entrepreneurial partnerships and educational institutions important in the development of the labour market demands of vocational education and training.
For this reason, a speech by a Member who belongs to the party which is in government in Spain is also not very helpful.
For this reason, all the studies say that investing in the first years of life produces much better results than doing it later. I believe that it is time, beyond focusing on university studies or on professional training, as we have been doing, for us to concentrate on early childhood learning.
For this reason, during the first stage, every operator of a nuclear power plant has been asked since 1 June to submit a report to the national authorities using the agreed European inspection criteria, our inspection catalogue, which is public and transparent.
For this reason, ensuring prudent fiscal policy-making is key. I am in favour of a strong European Economic Governance Package and have thus decided to vote in favour of the six dossiers as amended.
For this reason, it is crucial that cities be able to have their say, and that they receive due attention at EU level.
For this reason, it was particularly important to us that the requirements of the telecoms package for safeguarding media pluralism and cultural diversity were not thrown out by the back door.
For this reason, the Commission proposal includes important requirements concerning financing which aim to ensure that we do not impose an excessive burden on future generations.
For this reason, the Commission undertook in June 2010 to analyse the topics in depth. A public consultation was carried out, the Commission services have evaluated the responses and are working on an impact assessment with a view to issuing legislative proposals in the course of this year.
For this reason, the European Council decided last week to extend the measures imposed under the terms of Article 96 of the Cotonou Agreement by another six months.
For this reason, the European Parliament, as a codecision-making authority, as well as the public at large, must also be consulted.
For this reason, the Spanish socialists voted against a number of articles today: Article 9, in relation to the full harmonisation of information requirements for distance contracts; Article 17(2), the possibility of the consumer being liable for normal use of the goods during the withdrawal period; and Article 22(2), the introduction of an additional deadline for delivery of the goods when the trader fails to deliver the goods within the time period envisaged in the contract.
For this reason, the conditions are 20% for Europe alone and 30% if we have partners, in other words, the US or China. I believe that this is a serious, far-reaching and fair offer.
For this reason, the full implementation of the policy for small and medium-sized enterprises and, in particular, the Small Business Act, is a high priority task for the Hungarian Presidency.
For this reason, the partnership agreement provides for 'the possibility of applying a pro rata temporis payment' to compensate for losses suffered by the shipowners if they are forced to leave the Indian Ocean should they feel their safety to be severely threatened.
For this reason, the rapporteur recommends examining the idea of setting up a genuinely independent European credit rating agency, stating that the new European Credit Rating Foundation must be self-sustaining.
For this reason, the statements made by Prime Minister Netanyahu that the authorities in Ramallah should choose between Israel and Hamas are of no benefit either to peace or to the finding of a solution, or to the realisation of the project whereby the two states would live side by side in a spirit of mutual respect.
For this reason, this agreement is extremely important to Mauritania because the European Union is paying for this access, thereby providing additional income separate from financial aid.
For this reason, we can only assess European environmental policies and the related strategies adopted within the EU in a serious and rigorous way if reliable data are provided.
For this reason, we in the Commission are prepared to adopt every possible restrictive solution, including export bans and export restrictions.
For this reason, we should provide appropriate financial backing for cohesion policy. I would like to thank the rapporteur for including the opinion of the Committee on Regional Development in his report and I would ask for support for the amendment for once again improving the intermediate categories.
For this very reason, I welcome the initiatives demonstrated by the European institutions to guarantee the quality and reliability of impact studies, which will involve guaranteeing their independence and transparency.
For this very reason, although there is a long tradition of EU legislation on such contracts, it will never be going too far to call for better, more effective laws that guarantee the total transparency of procedures; that prevent all forms of corruption or manipulation of proposals to benefit one candidate; that put a ceiling in terms of numbers and of value on the number of awards without a call for proposals or without negotiation; and that guarantee proper competition on the Internal Market between candidate companies, irrespective of their country of origin.
For this very reason, we are very happy in the Union and want to help it become progressively stronger.
For those countries that repeatedly have problems managing money, payments should be suspended.
For too long we have operated under the 'gentleman's agreement' originating from 1970, according to which both Parliament and the Council have refrained from examining each other's administrative expenditure.
For too long, companies, especially in my region of the South East of England, have been targeted by this unscrupulous practice. I have been told by constituents that they have been invited to advertise their business for no costs only to receive a large invoice with legal threats not long after.
For transparency in EU agencies to be improved, all 21 Agencies and the Commission must publish a list of all contracts awarded over the last three years as well as a report of the staff members changing jobs from one agency to another, and they must enact stricter rules regarding conflicts of interest as soon as possible.
For us on the Committee on Culture and Education, it has been an idea and project that we have all shared, as 2014 will mark the hundredth anniversary of the outbreak of the First World War, which began with an incident in that very city.
For us, for Parliament, this is a vital part of the partnership. I see the modernisation pact as a complementary issue, in the same way that the common areas are.
For us, if the European Union is to progress, it needs to develop a policy based on principles of peace, detached from military means and interventions, and to promote the demilitarisation of international relations.
For us, it is not about making transport more expensive, as has just been claimed.
For us, this is about having a proper balance, so that those resources that are partly earned in relation to mobility are also invested in that area.
For years since I have been an MEP, I have been receiving letters and e-mails from constituents who have inadvertently been misled into signing up for a business directory, then being invoiced for a rather large amount of money.
For young people in particular, there were grave consequences of the global economic crisis, namely, serious rises in the youth unemployment and school drop-out rates.
Foreign operators pay nothing to use our roads but UK diesel duty is as much as 23 pence a litre higher, giving competitors a 15% advantage.
Foreign policy is one of them.
Forest-based industries, with a turnover of more than EUR 300 billion, provide more than 2 million, mostly rural, jobs, contributing to economic growth, jobs and prosperity through the provision of timber and opportunities for tourism. EU forests face major threats due to climate change, new pests, increasing risk of fire (particularly in the Mediterranean region), and human activity (growing energy sector demand for woody biomass), which is causing deforestation. I agree that the Commission and the Member States must intensify efforts to achieve the environment and quality-of-life goals of the Forest Action Plan, the implementation of which is currently lagging behind.
Forestry is a natural part of an integrated rural and regional policy, and this must be taken into account in the discussions on the future of the common agricultural policy after 2013.
Forests and wooded land cover 42% of the European Union's surface.
Forests and wooded land currently cover more than 42% of the EU's area and constitute an important source of revenue, generating more than EUR 300 billion a year and providing more than 2 million jobs.
Forests and wooded land currently cover more than 42% of the EU's surface and are an industry which provides approximately 2 million jobs, with an annual turnover of EUR 300 billion.
Forests are a part of our identity.
Forests are also an important provider of public services which go unrewarded by the market.
Forests are the main repository of carbon and have a vital role to play in the fight against climate change.
Forests provide 2 million jobs, many in small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), and represent an annual turnover of EUR 300 billion.
Forests provide us with many essential eco-services, ranging from regulating the water cycle to preventing soil erosion and sequestering carbon.
Forgoing origin marking is, sadly, only the latest terrible idea.
Formerly, internal border checks were obviously carried out, but the reason for these at the time was the holding of certain events, like sporting events, the European Football Championship, world championships, or certain summit conferences.
Fortunately, Amendment 64, which was approved, underlines that these transitional measures must not in any case be established at the expense of the current convergence, competitiveness and cooperation (Objectives 1, 2 and 3) regions.
Fortunately, however, by working on the proposal here in the European Parliament, we succeeded in incorporating elements that make this legislation beneficial for consumers, too. I believe that this is absolutely crucial.
Fortunately, last year in this House, the Løkkegaard report on journalism and new media, approved in September, supported the introduction of this subject in paragraph 13. I myself submitted an amendment in this regard.
Fortunately, the rapporteur took some major steps in our direction and we should certainly also thank the Council and the Hungarian Presidency, who succeeded, ultimately, not only in achieving a solid majority in the Council, but also in getting Parliament to support this position, too.
Forty-two per cent of the people working in agriculture are women, but only one holding in five is managed by a woman.
Four main objectives have been identified and correspond to four specific programmes that must structure the European research effort: the Cooperation Programme, the Ideas Programme, the People Programme and the Capacity Programme.
Four proposals relate to fiscal matters, including a reform of the Stability and Growth Pact, while the two new regulations try to identify and resolve macroeconomic imbalances emerging within the EU and the euro area.
Four things are needed in order to prevent the Greek crisis from having a much-feared domino effect across the entire euro area: firstly, a united Greece with an economic and budgetary recovery plan; secondly, a European Union and a Euro Group which are united by the same objective; thirdly, a little more time than initially planned, particularly for privatisations; and fourthly, solidarity which is properly understood and which comprises not only new loans, but also, and above all, technical assistance from its partners, and in particular from the Commission.
Four years have passed since the introduction of the Seventh Framework Programme for research and technological development.
Fourthly and finally, let us not forget the farmers who have been treated badly: they have been wrongly suspected without having done anything! And there will be many more of them yet who suffer from the lack of trust among consumers.
Fourthly, Mrs Bowles and other speakers asked us about the differences in coverage of the banking sector within the Union.
Fourthly, in addition to all the cultural, social, religious and foreign policy concerns, the accession of Turkey would place a massive burden on the Cohesion Fund.
Fourthly, on transparency: we need to ensure greater transparency, in the interests of both freedom and security. I regret that, once again, the Council has not acted as it should in relation to Parliament, denying Members of this House access to the evaluation reports.
Fourthly, the coverage of other important Union policies beyond electronic communications: here, I am talking about the environment, transport or research and the need to make a substantial amount of spectrum available.
Fourthly, there is a need to also contribute to development in North Sudan, which we must not forget, and which is preparing to draw up a new constitution.
Fourthly, we cannot accept a deal that does not address the different standards and preferences from local SMEs and state monopolies in Canada.
Fourthly, we must monitor the training of nuclear engineers and speed up scientific research programmes, and on that note I would like to express my satisfaction that the Seventh Framework Programme of the European Atomic Energy Community (Euratom) has been extended into 2012 and 2013.
Fourthly: what budget is required by the United States of Europe?
France felt under pressure and it re-erected national borders.
France is an independent and sovereign country.
Free movement is also a great boost and a benefit for the Internal Market, so safeguarding this achievement is key to the Commission and an absolute priority for me personally.
Free trade is one of the pillars of neoliberalism which emerged in the 1970s under the so-called Washington Consensus, as one of the key elements of the capitalist system's response to the structural crisis that was making itself known at that time, just like today.
Freedom of expression for this Parliament's elected representatives should not be a movable goalpost and should not depend on whether or not a person's face fits.
Freedom of movement for European citizens unimpeded by internal borders following the creation of the Schengen area is one of the basic principles of the EU and the cornerstone of European integration.
Freedom of movement is one of the most important European Union values for all EU citizens and the Schengen area is characterised by the absence of controls at shared borders between participating countries and the introduction of freedom of movement within this area.
Freedom, the free movement of people and goods, and solidarity with everyone who is in need of solidarity, must remain priorities of the EU. I am opposed to internal borders, and I therefore expect a strengthening of the Schengen control mechanisms, so as to prevent the populist tendencies of some states, to prevent radicalisation and intolerance, and to consolidate the Schengen system, which is one of the greatest achievements of today's Europe.
Freight transportation and hard working lorry drivers have become synonymous with our country.
Frequency allocation comes under national jurisdiction but the regulations governing the sharing of the spectrum between users and operators is under the control of the European Union.
From 2020, it proposes five-year periods (or five-plus-five-year periods) which are more in tune with the mandate of the institutions.
From Korea to Australia, Bulgaria to Sweden, film makers head to Sarajevo; co-productions take place.
From a foreign policy perspective, I think that our good neighbourhood policy must be linked to the relevant governments fulfilling readmission commitments to their citizens.
From a systemic point of view, the Systemic Risk Board itself believes that this is important, and I believe that if the quality of the work done by the EBA, with your support and under the supervision of the Systemic Risk Board, means that we can happily shelve those absolutely ridiculous safeguard clauses that the Member States sought to include in the supervision package, then we will have taken a step forward. I therefore hope that the Commission and the Board will be very keen to ensure that concrete measures are taken by the Member States, large or small.
From an Irish perspective, the FP7 is helping to develop research that is, in turn, creating jobs and delivering new goods and services for our people. EUR 270 million has already been drawn down by Irish organisations in the agriculture, food, fisheries, health, energy, transport and ICT sectors.
From an Irish perspective, this FP7 programme is helping to develop research, research that is creating jobs and making goods and services available that are necessary and in demand.
From its beginnings until now, the CAP has undergone a number of reforms that testify to its support for agriculture that is constantly evolving in order to better respond to the numerous challenges that we have had to face. I welcome this vote, which is an achievement for the European Parliament.
From last year's bank stress test exercise, we know that the Greek banks hold EUR 48 billion of government securities, Greek Government bonds.
From now on, European citizens, as both the engines and the beneficiaries of innovation, must be able to participate fully in this 'Innovation Union' in order to ensure that it is successful, as we emphasised in this report.
From now on, consumers will have to be properly informed when they purchase digital content online and will have a right of withdrawal under certain conditions.
From now on, the members of the national parliaments will be governed by guidelines from the European Union on their countries' budgets.
From our point of view, an urban agenda should prioritise better distribution of the population in the territory of certain countries, particularly in Portugal, relieving the cities by valuing rural areas and properly remunerated farming; spreading productive activity across the country; valuing quality public services in rural and urban areas; combating unemployment; defending jobs with rights; valuing salaries and pensions; and combating poverty.
From that time, we have probably had the longest period of peace and prosperity globally. I have put a little bit of modest money away so that I can hand something down to my family when I pass on - largely because I have never spent more money than I have earned. I have been prudent and I have worked moderately hard.
From the Lithuanian border, it will be possible to see the chimneys of one of these power plants just as clearly as we can we the tower of Strasbourg Cathedral from Parliament.
From the first meeting in committee onwards, I have always emphasised that the stress test is voluntary.
From the outset of this textile report, I have been of the opinion that Parliament should keep to the scope of the proposal as it was originally designated and that the extension of this scope was not compatible with the aim of simplification for putting a new fibre on the market.
From the outset, parents are thus seen as incapable, irresponsible and childish.
From the perspective of providing protection in the event of a nuclear disaster, it is therefore very important to ensure that information is provided very quickly and efficiently, both to the public and to the experts, and that it is accurate.
From the perspective of the cost-benefit factor, this form of company could, in future, be more important than the European company. I am thinking in this respect of subsidiaries and transfers of registered offices throughout Europe.
From the point of view of climate change, ensuring the safety of forests is extremely important, as they are threatened more and more by natural disasters, especially such as fires or wide-ranging tree diseases.
From the point of view of the European Parliament, the most important issue should be the non-tariff barriers, which has been emphasised many times at meetings of the Trade Policy Committee.
From the realisation that the Stability Fund facilities had to be larger, to recognising the fact that punitive interest rates do not give sustainability and the chance to return to the markets, this House has not been afraid to lead and the Council has followed.
From this House, we must insist that those responsible for public procurement within the various administrative bodies incorporate terms into their tender specifications that facilitate positive discrimination in favour of SMEs and remove contractual provisions that hinder their participation.
From this perspective, it is important to pursue the objectives set out in the forestry strategies.
From this point of view, the Commission must ensure the compatibility and interoperability of Galileo with other satellite navigation systems.
From this report, I would also stress the respect for the preservation/promotion of linguistic/cultural richness in every Member State; the importance of disseminating European cultural values as a means of promoting fundamental rights, democracy and good governance; and, finally, the importance of there being a cultural 'attaché' in each of the EU's representations abroad.
From this stems my support for a report that is necessary in order to evaluate advances made in the common security and defence policy following the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon and to identify what scope there is for improvement.
From what is happening today in Syria, it is very clear that there is only one way to describe Bashar al-Assad, and that is as the most brutal dictator in the world at the moment.
Frontex is also supporting the Italian authorities in second-line border control activities by the briefing and screening of migrants.
Frontex, for example, should send back ships carrying bogus refugees to their countries of origin instead of playing the role of a sort of benevolent welcome committee.
Fuel prices have trebled, which has naturally raised the question whether EU legislation is adequate and suitable for the economic reality and meets European fishermen's needs.
Fukushima will now have a positive effect on the Japanese gross domestic product because a lot of investments are being made in this regard.
Full application in these Member States is also a question of equality and non-discrimination within Europe because excluding those two countries would send an extremely negative signal to their populations, which are very keen to join the area of freedom of movement.
Fundamentally, however, Portugal is capable of participating in the European project; of participating and of helping to resolve whatever challenges there will be in the future.
Funding cancer research can save people's lives and cut treatment costs. I applaud the political will in support of funding that has already been earmarked for cancer research under the programme.
Funding for programmes such as Lifelong Learning (Erasmus, Leonardo da Vinci, Comenius, Grundtvig), Marie Curie, Erasmus Mundus and Youth in Action must increase.
Funding of projects where irregularities have occurred or funding to regions where citizens' rights are being disregarded should simply be stopped.
Funds must be used and I believe that we need to overcome the biggest enemy stalling projects of this kind or making them grind to a halt: excessive European red tape.
Further discussions relating to the previous procedure and implementation and its future administration, use and funding are required in this context.
Further expansion in this respect is therefore unavoidable, as proven by the plans to construct further plants in Poland, Lithuania and Slovakia, and I therefore support the introduction of stress tests and safety assessments for nuclear power stations.
Further expenditure is expected in a few years' time, in addition to that initially planned by the programme, and I believe it is likely that additional sums will be needed to complete the project. I therefore abstained from the final vote on the own-initiative report.
Further negotiations with the Council are needed so we can get a final agreement before summer in order to have a strong foundation for the euro.
Further steps and measures will still need to be taken before this crisis is overcome. I believe that what has been said here is right.
Further there will be a prohibition of so called pre-ticked boxes causing problems especially in the passenger travel sector.
Further to this idea, I find countless concerns in the report that deserve to be worked on and studied. I consider placing the MFF at the service of the objectives of the Europe 2020 strategy, and the concern for at least maintaining the common agricultural policy (CAP) budget and keeping the two-pillar system, to be positive.
Further to this, the European Fisheries Fund (EFF) should award grants to fishers, in particular, in order to make fishing techniques more selective and to replace engines, for reasons of safety, of environmental protection and/or of fuel efficiency.
Further to this, the proposal to create a European and Community Patents Court is 'incompatible with European Union law' according to the Court of Justice of the European Union.
Furthermore I wish to emphasise here what is, in my view, the most important aspect of the agreement reached with the Council, namely, the commitment by the European Commission to present, by 30 September 2013, after it has carried out a suitable impact assessment, a report accompanied by legislative proposals regarding indication of origin labelling, traceability and the use of new technologies.
Furthermore, EGNOS is used on a daily basis by 80 000 European farmers and has recently been certified for civil aviation, and should shortly be certified for maritime transport.
Furthermore, European companies, too, should be required to be more open with respect to their accounts and subcontracting chains, so that the European Union's strong socio-political values do not remain merely illusory.
Furthermore, I believe in the principle that the polluter pays, and I also voted in favour of the amendment calling for an assessment of the costs, monitoring, the sending of regular reports to the European Commission and the participation of national governments.
Furthermore, I share the anger of some of my fellow Members regarding the Syrian exception and now the exception for Bashar al-Assad, who has avoided sanctions.
Furthermore, I should not like to forget the events of the last few weeks in the fruit and vegetable sector, which are proof that the new CAP must also provide crisis-response instruments for all the sectors concerned, instruments that are efficient, expeditious and adapted to the needs of each individual sector.
Furthermore, I support the Court of Auditors' comments regarding the need for improvements in the programming and monitoring of activities with a view to using the available appropriations as efficiently as possible.
Furthermore, I support the creation of a European Private Company Statute, which would help our SMEs to take full advantage of the single European market by enabling them to carry on their cross-border activities without having to fulfil often onerous and discouraging obligations. I therefore call on the Council to take a swift decision on this initiative.
Furthermore, I think that it is of paramount importance that this consolidation of economic governance takes place, while also boosting its democratic credentials.
Furthermore, I would like to highlight the close link between socio-economic disadvantage and opportunities to educate and teach children from an early age, because families on low incomes are much less likely to use ECEC services.
Furthermore, I would urge that workers involved in the management of radioactive waste, from its production to its disposal, receive adequate protection and training.
Furthermore, India is the largest beneficiary in the generalised system of preferences (GSP), and European Union imports from India by means of preferential tariffs or a zero rate of duty were valued at EUR 19.9 billion and constituted 83% of all EU imports from India.
Furthermore, Parliament intends to improve the Commission proposals in order to establish a robust and coherent legislative framework guaranteeing economic growth and employment for the next decades.
Furthermore, a knowledge-based economy will help to protect European cultural diversity and to carry us towards social cohesion and employment.
Furthermore, a set of measures is required to support SMEs in implementing the new energy efficiency plan.
Furthermore, additional support is required for transnational and cross-border cooperation, which is needed from the point of view of development and European convergence, and for the accomplishment of joint regional projects in the area of infrastructure and the environment.
Furthermore, adopting a systematic and synergic approach between the various European regional funds will contribute to the adoption of cohesion policy objectives and hence the reduction of disparities in development between European regions, and will facilitate social inclusion.
Furthermore, agriculture needs support in order to innovate and focus effort on a more efficient use of energy, water and soil.
Furthermore, and I quote: 'Illegal immigration from Turkey will spread to the coasts of Bulgaria and the trafficking of drugs and humans by Turkish and Albanian criminal gangs will increase'. Moreover, regarding human trafficking, 'Romania and Bulgaria's entry into the Schengen area could give Bulgarian criminal groups and Roma communities new opportunities to increase their already significant trafficking to the rest of Europe'. In the final analysis, increased illegal immigration from Turkey and more drug and human trafficking mean less security for European citizens.
Furthermore, as a result of the brutal austerity, in many countries, it is virtually impossible for young people to get a decent job after finishing education. A quarter of young people in Ireland are now unemployed and 1 000 people emigrate every week, so for many Irish families, the very notion of Youth on the Move has a very different meaning.
Furthermore, attention is drawn to the recent nuclear disaster, which is still not fully under control.
Furthermore, better use of resources, sustainable economic development and nature conservation can and must go hand-in-hand, and should likewise reinforce cooperation with neighbouring countries for their integration into Europe.
Furthermore, clear reference criteria need to be introduced regarding Russia's respect for democratic standards, which will help deepen relations with the EU. Lastly, we must not forget either the support which needs to be given in developing civil society, as the guarantor of a democracy which will not only stick to procedures but be truly inclusive as well.
Furthermore, collaboration between the public and private sectors, through the implementation of partnerships, is an important way of encouraging a more innovative economy.
Furthermore, crops which grow in the vicinity of heavily used roads would be much less exposed to pollution from exhaust fumes. I think the increased charges for driving at peak hours are another positive feature.
Furthermore, due to the constant technological changes, employers have ever-increasing expectations with regard to employees' qualifications.
Furthermore, entrepreneurs, managers of small and medium-sized enterprises in the creative sector, need better access to financing opportunities, because we currently have too little know-how and too little access to bank finance.
Furthermore, false declarations are often used to export waste as second-hand goods, which complicates the work of the authorities responsible for monitoring and enforcing the rules.
Furthermore, forest-based industries provide more than 2 million jobs, contributing to economic growth and employment. I voted for this report as I think that the European Union must strengthen its strategy for improving the sustainable management and conservation of forests.
Furthermore, great strides have been made in the fight against corruption, a topic which often has been associated wrongfully and, to an exaggerated extent, with accession to the Schengen area.
Furthermore, high standards in terms of air safety and security will be applied and these are vitally important to passengers, crew and the whole aviation sector in general.
Furthermore, if the free trade agreement is to reflect each party's level of development, it cannot overlook such fundamental standards as the prohibition of child labour, for example.
Furthermore, if you think, Mr Farage and Mrs Swinburne, that you are going to defend the so-called sovereignty of the United Kingdom - and that applies to all the Member States, be they small States like my own, or large States such as Germany, France and the United Kingdom - if you think that, alone, you will still be able to exert some influence in the world, then I think you are sadly mistaken.
Furthermore, illegal shipments of waste to third countries obviously have an adverse effect on trade and competition since, economically speaking, businesses that comply with the legislation evidently face competition and are put at a disadvantage.
Furthermore, in many of the documents it has adopted recently, setting out its development goals and guidelines for the next decade, the European Union stresses the importance of research and innovation for strengthening the EU economy and helping it remain one of the most competitive in the world.
Furthermore, in order to avoid scenarios whereby funds remain unused because of excessively complicated regulations and procedures, it is essential that management and implementation of cohesion policy be simplified.
Furthermore, in order to enable people at different times of life and specific groups to have access to vocational education and training, financing opportunities should be broadened, simplified and made more readily available under the Lifelong Learning Programme and by implementing Erasmus for Young Entrepreneurs.
Furthermore, in the event of commercial disputes, the reciprocity principle should be applied, the protection of intellectual property rights should be improved and there should be reciprocal access to the services and public procurement markets.
Furthermore, increasing mobility at European Union level through expanding programmes such as Erasmus, Leonardo da Vinci or Youth on the Move can also help improve the EU's ability to respond better to the demand of the European labour market and to have greater potential for development in this area.
Furthermore, it can be misleading in the sense that remedial measures following certain incidents such as accidents and natural disasters are treated as a benefit instead of a cost.
Furthermore, it can be misleading in the sense that remedial measures following certain incidents such as accidents and natural disasters are treated as a benefit instead of a cost. I therefore welcome the provision set out in the resolution that we need to develop additional indicators for measuring medium and long-term economic and social progress, and to establish clear and measurable indicators that provide information on climate change, biodiversity, resource efficiency and social inclusion.
Furthermore, it institutionalises the European Semester through the need for the involvement of all the European institutions, where national reform programmes should incorporate EU objectives. I should also like to stress that it seeks to expand the mechanism of reversed qualified majority voting in the Council to all stages of the process of assessing, examining and monitoring the Stability and Growth Pact and national convergence programmes. I am voting for this report because I believe the EU needs to send a message of stability to the markets, using a short- and long-term economic governance strategy.
Furthermore, it is a pro-investment policy and a pro-development policy.
Furthermore, it is advisable to ensure that procedural rights are actually respected: that is, that individuals wanted under the auspices of an EAW have a genuine right to legal aid at their disposal, both in the Member State that issues the warrant and in the Member State where it is implemented.
Furthermore, it is also proving to be effective because it has given the Republic of Seychelles the necessary instruments to develop responsible fishing, increasing its stock management and fisheries monitoring capacity. I therefore believe it is right to proceed on the road of partnership agreements in this sector which is vital to the European economy.
Furthermore, it is important that citizens have confidence in the principles governing the safety of repositories and in waste management programmes.
Furthermore, it is not stating the obvious to say that payments based on the two pillars of the CAP are not mere public resources, but actually buy a public good that may not be sufficiently rewarded by the market.
Furthermore, it is probably a very realistic approach, considering the capacity that the Member States have, to start a system of accounts in these areas.
Furthermore, it is very important for the governments themselves not to retreat from their responsibility to maintain the European social model because then, there is the threat of the privatisation of employment law and social security systems and services.
Furthermore, it is very important to create a favourable business environment for companies that cooperate in developing and implementing vocational training programmes.
Furthermore, it leaves States just one right, that of 'regulating' public services, an action that a liberalisation of this nature nonetheless condemns.
Furthermore, it should not be forgotten that negotiations with third countries and with the World Trade Organisation pose a serious threat to the future of agricultural and livestock production in the European Union.
Furthermore, it touches on important issues, such as strengthening the role of the International Criminal Court and the international criminal justice system, promoting accountability, putting an end to impunity, and strengthening the crisis-prevention structures and their effectiveness within the United Nations Development Programme, with a view to transforming this organisation into a global leader in crisis prevention and recovery.
Furthermore, it would reflect the ability of the European institutions to cooperate responsibly and without delay when Europe is in huge need of this.
Furthermore, more work needs to be done to ensure the compliance of environmental standards in Canada with those in force in the EU. In connection with the above, I believe that it is necessary to carry out a detailed analysis and evaluation of the abovementioned standards.
Furthermore, new competences, like those relating to the area of freedom, security and justice, require the reinforcement of its resources and capacity for action.
Furthermore, owing to the European Union's high degree of dependency on imports from third countries (60%), producers have very little or even no influence on the price levels of fisheries products. I agree that the ceiling on de minimis aid should be raised from EUR 30 000 to EUR 60 000 per firm for a transitional period of three years, while ensuring that environmental and social sustainability are not undermined and that competition between Member States is not distorted.
Furthermore, satellite navigation systems must provide interoperability with different systems, including traditional systems.
Furthermore, that is true in both rural and urban areas.
Furthermore, the Agreement constitutes a net benefit for the EU given that it will establish mutual acceptance of certification findings in all areas of airworthiness for all Member States.
Furthermore, the Commission recognises the progress made during conciliation.
Furthermore, the Commission's proposed measures would be very much in the spirit of Schengen, since controls would be reinstated as a last resort and the decision would be taken at European level rather than at intergovernmental level.
Furthermore, the EU's diverse cultural landscape gives us the distinction of being the most attractive tourist destination in the world. I welcome the concrete suggestions presented in this report for the involvement of civil society, artists, educators, students and entrepreneurs in shaping the content of external cultural relations.
Furthermore, the German authorities, in view of their reckless accusations, should definitely support this financial solution from the very beginning, and use funds of their own to conduct communication campaigns aimed at restoring consumer confidence in horticultural products, which is now in shatters.
Furthermore, the Greens feared that the measures might pave the way for the inclusion of Pakistan in the GSP+ scheme without the country having signed and implemented the corresponding labour and environmental conventions (let alone the Geneva Conventions). Finally, the Greens wished to exclude ethanol from the list of duty-free products, as it would be made out of sugar cane, which would replace food crops, constitutes a GHG-intensive crop and does not create a significant number of jobs.
Furthermore, the Member States will be able to specify the use to be made of revenue generated from tolls collected, but at least 15% will have to be used for financial support for TEN-T projects, in order to increase transport sustainability.
Furthermore, the adoption of innovative solutions is closely bound up with pre-commercial procurement, which resolves issues which the market cannot cover or where the solutions proposed are uneconomic.
Furthermore, the agreement reached with the European Parliament also provides incentives in respect of the least polluting vehicles in the Euro 5 and 6 categories, in order to promote the renewal of the vehicle fleet.
Furthermore, the binding state-to-state dispute settlement mechanism only serves to empower foreign investors to initiate legal proceedings at an international level against the governments of the EU and India, while domestic investors only have recourse to national courts.
Furthermore, the common agricultural policy (CAP), which is essential for the food security and independence of our continent, and EU regional policy, strengthened by creating an intermediate category of regions to enable additional financial support to be channelled to those regions where per capita GDP is between 75% and 90% of the European average, such as Auvergne and Limousin, find within it all the space that they deserve.
Furthermore, the constitution invests the Budget Council, a body that is not elected directly, with the power of veto over the decisions of Parliament concerning the budget, which, in turn, may result in the dissolution of Parliament and a call for new elections, thereby threatening stable governance.
Furthermore, the data could be monitored more easily if high quality information were available regarding the interaction between environmental and economic factors: environmental economic accounts could contribute to policy evaluation by making available data concerning the environmental impact of economic activities.
Furthermore, the document we approved today also encourages the introduction of origin marking, which would facilitate consumer choice and contribute to reducing fraudulent or misleading claims of origin.
Furthermore, the establishment of European alliances for territorial cooperation is to be made easier, because this new instrument will make it easier for local administrations and citizens to access greater cooperation, benefiting many regions, in particular border regions.
Furthermore, the greatest challenges in terms of the efficient management of infrastructure and transport are also found in urban areas, and these have a direct impact on environmental and energy policy.
Furthermore, the idea of joint and sustainable European policies has lost out on more than one occasion to the interests of the largest countries of the 'old' EU. A perfect example of this is the lack of a rule ensuring geographical balance when filling posts in the European External Action Service.
Furthermore, the instrument would not replace Member States' contract laws, but would merely help ensure a better choice of contract model between the parties, thanks to examples based on general principles, definitions and model regulations for both commercial and consumer contracts, without going against the principles of subsidiarity and proportionality.
Furthermore, the introduction of a trilingual system does not seem to conform to administrative requirements and does not even seem to reflect the demographic weighting of the Member States, because in that case, Italy should also be represented.
Furthermore, the newly-created European Asylum Support Office, although still in the process of becoming fully operational, is also available to help.
Furthermore, the nuclear stress tests, as your colleague Mr Oettinger acknowledged this afternoon, are also a big joke - they have been so far anyway - since the possibility of an aeroplane crashing into a power station has not been taken into account. I would therefore like to say that, in a case such as that, where an aeroplane crashes into a nuclear power station, there is clearly a default risk.
Furthermore, the problems detected during the work of the committee are not connected to the year following the year for which discharge is granted.
Furthermore, the proposal also sets out the conditions under which Member States will be able to negotiate and conclude new bilateral investment agreements with third countries, regarded as an exceptional transitional measure.
Furthermore, the report proposes a three-year period in which to bring down the total debt, which I consider reasonable and sufficient.
Furthermore, the report recommends a set of criteria for assessing the content of the agreements, including balanced access to markets and investment opportunities, and fair competition with regard to state, environmental and social subsidies. I voted in favour so that a constant flow of information is maintained and the strengths and weaknesses of these agreements are analysed better.
Furthermore, the said concessions have no conditionality clause attached, as would apply if Pakistan were granted GSP+ status.
Furthermore, the statement of the High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy on Yulia Tymoshenko was exceptionally cautious.
Furthermore, the way in which this approach penalises the geographically more peripheral Member States, countries of origin, departure or destination of goods, for the benefit of 'central' and transit countries, is unacceptable.
Furthermore, there is a lack of adequate progress on government procurement and services, principles for the protection of intellectual property, including geographical indications, conditions for sustainable development, and particularly in following production standards when creating equal conditions for competition. I believe that it is essential to carry out an assessment of the specific character of individual sectors to flag possible negative influences of a free trade agreement on vulnerable sectors of the economy of the European Union.
Furthermore, there is the call for the Commission to make a proposal on euro securities. I would like to publicly support this as a proposal that takes into account the feature of fiscal discipline.
Furthermore, they have to establish a system which determines the competence and responsibility of national authorities in respect of nuclear waste management.
Furthermore, this ban would have come into effect immediately after the regulation entered into force.
Furthermore, this report should have elaborated on opening up deprived neighbourhoods, the role of medium-sized towns in the urban agenda, as well as the battle for climate and social mixing in our towns.
Furthermore, this resolution refers to the potential death penalty being imposed on some of the most dangerous terrorists in the world, who thought nothing of conspiring to murder thousands of innocent people.
Furthermore, this surveillance should be broadened to prevent harmful macroeconomic imbalances, with a guarantee that, in future, it will go beyond fiscal policy and that its remit will be extended to early detection and prevention of potentially harmful economic imbalances, too.
Furthermore, to reduce them now would have serious consequences for the future of all the Member States.
Furthermore, we also have a major problem in the fight against abuse and discrimination against immigrants, many of whom work in European families.
Furthermore, we are not satisfied because we believe that stress tests, which, in fact, are going to be carried out by the operators themselves, should be subjected to a second opinion in order to ensure greater objectivity.
Furthermore, we cannot forget the environmental consequences of this waste, which is harmful to biodiversity. I therefore voted for this proposal, which aims to implement the polluter-pays principle - respect for which has been very gradual - and introduces measures restricting the shipping of these goods to third countries.
Furthermore, we have been stressing the importance of promoting investment in public services, of supporting production, of creating jobs with rights, of eradicating poverty, and of combating social inequality.
Furthermore, we need reliable chemical tests to confirm that textiles created meet hygiene and environmental criteria.
Furthermore, we need to make the new register operational as quickly as possible and, as soon as the register is operational, all persons and organisations falling into its scope should provide correct, up-to-date information so we can see who is influencing what.
Furthermore, we want to support the development of government systems, democracy, human rights and also economic and institutional reforms, and to prevent conflicts and weakening of the state.
Furthermore, we would now say that if the CFCA is allocated a budget of EUR 10 100 000 (financial year 2009), the Member States are already being denied the possibility that the EU contribution to financing control activities could increase, in line with the proposal we tabled recently in Parliament, which was, unfortunately, rejected by the majority.
Furthermore, with the aim of helping SMEs expand their cross-border activities, the process of recovering cross-border debts will need to be facilitated and the European Private Company Statute adopted without delay.
Fusion is designed to provide the world's population with energy that is clean, permanent and safe.
Future cohesion policy must have an appropriate budget, so that it can effectively meet the new challenges, support all the regions of the European Union, with particular emphasis as always on the regions with the most development problems, include thematic objectives and, at the same time, a degree of flexibility, rely on simplified rules which have been unified to the maximum possible extent between its funds and ensure that all citizens of the Union will be able to enjoy its benefits, even if they are living in the most remote parts of the European Union, on islands and in mountain areas.
Future cohesion policy, the pillar of solidarity of the European project and of social justice, must take into account the following priorities: firstly, reinforcing social cohesion and incorporating the challenges posed by the Europe 2020 Strategy; secondly, providing for the needs and geographical characteristics of the regions, especially the most disadvantaged regions; thirdly, maintaining a gradual approach to the collection of funds so that the regions do not abandon the objective of convergence, avoiding sudden changes in the receipt of aid; and fourthly promoting an equitable system.
Future spectrum policy must also guarantee a suitable, simple and non-discriminatory authorisation system, which would create a level playing field throughout the EU and would promote competition.
GDP (gross domestic product) is the aggregated added value of all money-based economic activities.
GDP is an indicator of market economic activity that has become the standard point of reference at the service of the world's decision makers. GDP is a measure of production that does not measure environmental sustainability, resource efficiency, social inclusion and social progress in general. I therefore agree that in the future, other types of instruments should be studied that allow for a greater number of reliable data for measuring a world that is changing.
Galileo, Europe's own global navigation satellite system, is of great importance to Europe and, in particular, the UK. This project, which I fully support, has not only received significant public funding but private industry throughout the EU is also investing money, time and expertise into developing this system.
Galileo, together with EGNOS (European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service, an augmentation system that improves the accuracy and the reliability of the US Global Positioning System (GPS) information), is the Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) developed by the EU. When completed, it is expected to consist of 27 satellites plus a suitable number of spare satellites in orbit at an altitude of approximately 23 000 km above the surface of the earth, and a worldwide network of approximately 40 ground stations.
Generally Croatia's anti-drug legislation is similar to that of the EU Member States.
Generally speaking, Mrs Hirsch's report is a good starting point for what must become one of the priority policies of Parliament and the entire European Union.
Generally, these reports fail to meet Conservative concerns regarding the EU's management of Cohesion policy in any meaningful way.
Georgia has de facto the right of veto.
Georgia has practically eliminated the cancer of corruption in state institutions and the civil service by means of a series of public sector reforms (concerning the public prosecutor's office, the judiciary and the police) and political reforms.
Georgia's economy has recovered after Russia's military invasion of 2008, and has done extremely well in comparison to other countries of a similar size in the difficult times of the global financial crisis.
Germany has already announced that it is going to halt operations at a number of power stations.
Germany's recent decision to phase out nuclear power by 2022 marks a new stage in the fundamental rethinking currently taking place in Europe concerning its energy independence and the possible alternatives to nuclear power.
Gesine Meissner and I, as Liberal Members of the European Parliament, are sponsoring an electric car in the race in order to promote sustainable transportation.
Getting back to what we need to do: we need to establish a reporting obligation throughout Europe, define central laboratories and set up a central body within the European Union with the decision-making power in the event of an outbreak of such a disease. I think that would be the appropriate thing to do.
Give Mr Potočnik the few weeks he needs to draft this legislation. I can say on his behalf that it will be before the end of this year, 2011, that the Commission, taking into consideration the very important debate that you have held, despite the late hour, presents its legislative proposals to step up the fight against these illegal shipments and all their consequences.
Given all these inexplicable factors and the fact that various countries - including Britain, the USA, Iraq and Israel - have, in the past, been reported as experimenting with genetically manipulated E coli as a biological weapon, should there not be an urgent inquiry into the possibility that this outbreak is, in fact, an instance of, and perhaps a test run for, biological terrorism?
Given his experience in this area, I believe I can safely endorse his evaluation, and his demands for external border security.
Given our position on the accession of these countries, we have maintained our position of abstention, reinforced by the pressure that continues to be exerted on these countries.
Given that Commissioner Dalli has committed himself on numerous occasions before this House to presenting this proposal, I trust that the Commission will send it to us as soon as possible.
Given that EU cohesion policy is part of a framework of solidarity encompassing the 27 Member States and their 271 regions, and that it aims to end the economic and social disparities that exist therein, it is crucial that the next Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF) increase the funding allocated to this objective, as these are regions with serious competitiveness problems, but are essential to the EU's sustainability. I therefore agree with the rapporteur's proposal to strengthen the 'Territorial Cooperation' objective by increasing the overall budget from 2.5% to 7%, adopting measures to simplify the implementation of programmes and creating European Groupings of Territorial Cooperation (EGTCs), which are essential to the functioning of cross-border governance systems.
Given that I have already tabled a parliamentary question on this issue, I take the opportunity in this Chamber to stress the need for the Union to commit itself to supporting European producers in this sector with instruments appropriate to the seriousness of the crisis. I also draw the Commission's attention to the fact that it should consider introducing measures to improve the preservation of fruit and vegetables and increase controls on their packaging.
Given that Parliament is the only European institution that is democratically elected and that represents European citizens and taxpayers directly, I believe we have the right to know exactly how all the appropriations are managed.
Given that Romania and Bulgaria adopted the Schengen acquis in 2007; that the documents show both Bulgaria and Romania are ready for EU accession from a technical point of view; that all the accession headings were met in March 2011; and that the delay in the adoption of the new Schengen evaluation system to minimise existing problems - I fear that insecurity will increase - cannot prevent the entry of these countries into the EU, I am voting in favour.
Given that a role as important as the Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund is at stake, I think that, compared to the energy that is at times put into recruiting third-level managers in companies, the way in which this process is being handled shows a lack of professionalism.
Given that a well-functioning legal regulation mechanism is already in force in this area in the European Union, I do not endorse this resolution on policy options for progress towards a European contract law for consumers and businesses, which proposes adopting a new regulation, which would set up a new optional instrument, to be applied in business-to-business and business-to-consumer transactions.
Given that demographic changes are fuelling the need for training and adding to the necessity to participate in lifelong learning, workers must be provided with a means of determining and planning their own training needs.
Given that domestic work accounts for between 5% and 9% of all employment; that the vast majority of the people employed in that sector are women; that such work is undervalued, underpaid and informal; and that domestic workers' vulnerability means they are often discriminated against and can easily be subjected to unequal, unfair or abusive treatment, solutions must be found to eliminate this type of situation. I therefore welcome this International Labour Organisation convention, which warns of problems involving domestic work.
Given that it is actually the job of the Commission President to represent the Commission, we are anxious for Mr Barroso to be present at 15:00 on Tuesday afternoon. I apologise for having mixed up Tuesday and Wednesday.
Given that public procurement contracts account for 17% of the European Union's GDP, we think that SMEs need to increase their involvement in the public procurement market.
Given that relations between the EU and the Principality of Andorra are extended but fragmented, we recommend that an analysis of the possibilities and modalities of its possible progressive integration into the internal market be undertaken at the earliest opportunity.
Given that situation, I would say that the very best result has been achieved.
Given that the EU budget is potentially a major instrument for growth and given that it has not yet undergone substantial restructuring in response to the new developments resulting from the generalised economic and debt crisis:
Given that the EU countries and Japan face common challenges, I think it is important that we look at some of these issues and address them through trade agreements.
Given that the Internet is the main instrument for creating better conditions and development and knowledge for citizens in cultural terms, particularly through the broadcasting of audiovisual content, I welcome the adoption of this report and hope that the EU will play a leading role in the radio spectrum and in the creation of development and innovation software.
Given that the agreed text is acknowledged as better than the Council general approach, this does not make sense.
Given that the application fulfils the eligibility criteria, I agree with the rapporteur's recommendations and am voting in favour of this proposal for a decision.
Given that the interim agreements/stabilisation and association agreements (SAAs) grant trade concessions to Bosnia and Herzegovina on the products identified in the autonomous trade preferences, these concessions have to be withdrawn from Council Regulation (EC) No 1215/2009.
Given that the introduction of the Schengen area has shifted responsibility for EU external border controls onto a limited number of Member States, how will the Commission persuade Member States as a whole to show greater and more effective solidarity in the face of a mass influx of migrants and overcome their manifest reluctance to assume their responsibilities in this respect, so as to ensure that the burden is fairly shared?
Given that the main economic activities in Seychelles are fishing and tourism, and that this agreement benefits both the EU and the Republic of Seychelles, in view of the creation of 3 000 jobs in Seychelles and 760 in Europe and the monitoring of catches through a multiannual sectoral programme which provides for scientific cooperation and the promotion of responsible and sustainable fisheries, I am voting in favour of this proposal for a recommendation.
Given that the proposals tabled - following ten years of studies - will contribute to solving the detected failings, which are essentially to do with contracts, and that there is a need to promote the Internal Market by removing barriers, I am voting for this report, which introduces an optional instrument (OI) that could be complemented with 'a toolbox' aimed at resolving the problem of contracts.
Given that the purpose of this directive is the codification of previously disparate pieces of legislation, with benefits in terms of the accessibility and comprehensibility of the legislation, without any changes in their substance, I voted in favour of this report.
Given that the safeguarding of border security has always constituted a key aspect of the Lega Nord's political ideology, I can only express my approval of this measure.
Given that the workers in these sectors are mainly women who are generally responsible for their own family, both in terms of raising children and looking after elderly relatives, I would like to ask the Commission whether any statistics are available on domestic workers at EU level and the level of each Member State. I would also like to ask what measures the Commission is intending to take to ensure not only the necessary flexibility but also the respect for the rights of these workers.
Given that this protocol serves the interests of both parties and that it promotes responsible and sustainable fisheries, I am voting in favour of this proposal for a recommendation.
Given that you state that we currently need more resources for Frontex, I would be interested to hear whether you are not also of the opinion that the Member States have hitherto been too unwilling to provide the resources to make Frontex strong.
Given that, in the already extensive relations between the EU and the Principality of Andorra, this is another positive step towards possible integration into the internal market and that, as well as including rules to ensure that the agreement and the EU acquis remain in alignment, it aims to ensure customs security and normal relations between both parties, I welcome the adoption of this recommendation, for which I voted.
Given the 25% fall in its turnover compared with the pre-crisis period, this sector, an important and well-developed one in our regions, needs our support, not more constraints.
Given the added value of Commission aid, and the Commission's new role in coordinating the Union's and the Member States' development policy (Article 210 TFEU), the share of ODA channelled through the EU budget should remain at least stable.
Given the consequences that credit ratings for sovereign debt can have for the market, budgetary balances and the general welfare of the people, it is imperative that these be based on trustworthy facts and figures.
Given the critical role played by parents as 'main educators', the report seeks to improve parental leave - which should be long enough to enable parents to play their leading role in educating their children in the early stages of their life - and encourages the Member States to invest in parental education programmes as well as provide other forms of assistance to parents who require additional help.
Given the current crisis in the sector, we believe that it is important that the fees payable by owners should not be changed in relation to the previous agreement, but should remain at EUR 35, despite the fact that there has been a significant increase in catches per tonne: 25 tonnes for tuna seiners and 10 tonnes for long-liners.
Given the current globalisation, international labour standards are the basis which guarantees that the growth of the global economy will benefit all.
Given the economic and financial crisis that we are currently experiencing, it is necessary to extend these conditions to 31 December 2015 so that the cessation of these special conditions does not lead to stagnation in the economies of these regions, as good economic conditions are needed to maintain stability and peace in this troubled Balkan region.
Given the economic crises the EU is facing, it is essential we identify which areas of our activities lend themselves to helping us overcome our difficulties.
Given the fact that they murdered nine activists on the flotilla last year, these threats have to be taken extremely seriously.
Given the financial, technical, institutional and administrative efforts made by Romania to join the Schengen area, I think that the positive assessment of this dossier must be shown in the period ahead by setting a definite deadline for joining this area.
Given the high value of the global market in this sector, which will continue to grow over the coming years, I would also like to highlight the importance of creating the conditions for European industry to be competitive.
Given the huge importance of the livestock sector for the European agricultural economy, it is essential to address this issue properly. I agree that the Member States should perform regular systematic surveillance and monitoring of AMR in food producing animals, without creating additional financial or administrative burdens for farmers or other animal owners or veterinarians.
Given the importance of knowledge-based industries to Europe and our thriving R&D sector, we cannot afford to wait until FP8 to take action.
Given the importance of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), the appropriate financial resources must be put towards improving their operating conditions. I do not agree with the proposal to reduce the financing allocated to the common agricultural policy in the future because agriculture is a particularly sensitive sector.
Given the importance of such agreements, especially in terms of guaranteeing better services for passengers and new opportunities for operators, it is a good idea for Parliament to inform the Commission of its concerns and its assessment criteria at the outset, without waiting until the negotiations have been concluded.
Given the importance of the European telecommunications industry and information technologies for higher productivity and competitiveness in our market, I am voting for the radio spectrum policy programme. I believe in the ability of this programme to create the conditions necessary for successful competition with the new technology markets of China and the US, as well as maintaining European leadership in the telecommunications industry.
Given the increase in political and humanitarian crises in the world, the EU needs to make the best possible use of its foreign policy instruments so as to ensure better use of its leverage in multilateral organisations and its ability to take the lead in addressing current and future international crises.
Given the internal political situation in Georgia and issues of legality and transparency in that country, we have no assurances that it will be well spent.
Given the major internal challenges faced by the Union and its citizens and bearing in mind its enhanced international character, we realise that the main objective of its policy must be to reduce the existing social, economic and territorial inequalities. A planned and successful cohesion policy constitutes per se European added value and will surely prove to be to the benefit of all the Member States of the Union.
Given the nature of the Sri Lankan Government, it is obvious that it will not allow any international investigation.
Given the positions of the main protagonists in this process, we will all have to show some level of flexibility.
Given the profound injustice today existing between countries, producers and products, the advocated redistribution of CAP funds cannot be dissociated from the guarantee of minimising losses by the major beneficiaries...
Given the results of the referendum, the will of the people of South Sudan is now unequivocally in favour of independence, as has been repeatedly reiterated for many years now.
Given the scale of the threats and the total area of forests in the EU, the financing should increase, eligibility to receive assistance should be extended to public bodies and producer groups, and contributions should be paid on an area basis and should cover protective measures.
Given the scope of the threats and total EU forest area, common agricultural policy (CAP) financing through pillar 2 for forests should increase, subject to the existence of national forest programmes (NFPs) and operational management plans, which incorporate the EU biodiversity strategy and long timeframes for forestry projects in sustainable forest management (SFM). Eligibility should be extended to public actors and producer groups, shifting to area-based remuneration and including in situ and ex situ conservation measures.
Given the serious developments in parts of the Union's southern neighbourhood, the European Council is also expected to adopt a declaration on recent events in the region.
Given the significant impact of contract law on financial transactions and, therefore, on the Internal Market, I welcome all the efforts made by the Commission and the European Parliament towards harmonising their parameters within the EU and adapting them to the Single Market. I am voting for the report tabled on this issue.
Given the significant profits that both parties will be able to make, I hope that the negotiations between the EU and India will be able to continue, with a view to quickly establishing a free trade agreement (FTA) which is ambitious, balanced and comprehensive.
Given the size of India's market (more than 1 billion inhabitants) and its impressive growth rates (averaging over 7% a year since 2000), coupled with high levels of protection, India is one of the EU's obvious partners for concluding one of the new generation of EU FTAs launched as part of the Global Europe strategy in 2006.
Given the still fragile economic situation resulting from the financial crisis that has rocked Europe, in his mid-term review, the rapporteur mentions important aspects that should be improved so as to use the available public funding as efficiently as possible. I agree with the emphasis given by the rapporteur to two issues that are very important for future European research: increased simplification of payments between the European Commission and other entities, and increased participation by small and medium-sized enterprises, and industry in general, in responding to the great social challenges.
Given the tragedy that has struck the region of Murcia and specifically, the town of Lorca, I should like to express, on behalf of the Presidency, our solidarity with that community and with all the victims, several of whom have been killed.
Given the widespread dependence on imports, the Member States feel a common need to seek methods for the smart and sustainable use of those resources and raw materials needed to produce energy, as well as for industry or food production.
Given this and the importance of the office of President of the European Central Bank, I believe that Mr Draghi fulfils all the conditions to perform the mandate for which he has now been nominated with skill and dedication.
Given what is at stake, however, I am confident those hurdles will be taken successfully.
Glances exchanged between Europe and Russia have always been characterised by mutual admiration and, simultaneously, by mutual fear.
Global challenges, such as financial markets, energy security, combating poverty, climate change and human rights violations require joint and coordinated action.
Global demand and greater realisation of the need for food security means agriculture will be a growth area for the EU going forward and particularly important for less developed economies.
Global navigation satellite systems (GNSS) can have important and extremely useful applications for all modes of transport.
Global navigation satellite systems (GNSS) currently have implications for all EU policies, and their development and application will have a catalytic effect on implementing the Europe 2020 strategy and on creating a strategic and competitive European sector.
Globalisation implies, among other things, the dispersion of centres of power and the collective management of common problems and interests.
Globalisation is, in fact, only serving to pit the workers of all countries against each other in unfair competition, whether through relocations, the immigration of job-seekers or the infamous General Agreement on Trade in Services Mode 4. The problem is that the European Union produces lots of fine talk on the subject but never puts it into practice.
Go on then, I dare you! We need more Europe and more integration where Member States are tempted to protect only their individual interests.
Going back to the Arsenis report, on Amendment 25, one of my colleagues over there requested a roll-call vote because he felt it was important.
Good progress is being made in the negotiations on a free trade agreement between the EU and India.
Governance for innovation must mean establishing new partnerships enabling efficient innovation systems that mobilise intellectual and entrepreneurial capacities, detecting also sleeping innovators - of which we have many in Europe - through a business environment that is conducive to innovation, and particularly for SMEs, covering all sectors of the economy.
Governmental authorities representing the North signed the comprehensive peace treaty with the stipulation that the question of self-determination for South Sudan was to be resolved during the referendum.
Governments are elected, unlike Baroness Ashton, the European Commission and the European Central Bank, yet this text seeks to make the latter our sole representatives. I voted against this attempt to give the kiss of death to State sovereignty on the international arena.
Governments still refuse to let the Commission easily send a warning and impose financial sanctions.
Grants the Registrar of the Court of Justice discharge in respect of the implementation of the Court of Justice budget for the financial year 2009.
Great emphasis is placed on strengthening the European Urban Agenda, on developing basic physical infrastructure and its contribution to the economic fabric, and on energy and environmental sustainability through investment based on technological progress, but people are sidelined.
Greater cohesion should be fostered both within the UN system and between the positions of EU Member States and candidate and potential candidate countries, so as to maximise the potential offered by the Lisbon Treaty to strengthen the EU's impact through the coordinated and strategic use of its various and distinct (EU and Member State) entry points.
Greater competition is required in the sector and we must break up this historic oligopoly and try to bring in new, independent and possibly European organisations, which would therefore have a proper awareness of the economic context and reality of our continent, which is entirely different from the way of thinking in the United States.
Greater consistency is needed in EU development aid and cooperation policy, particularly with regard to the African, Caribbean and Pacific (ACP) countries.
Greater controls are therefore to be welcomed and I hope that the new European authority will manage to operate at optimum capacity, with real powers to intervene and even to issue penalties where necessary. I also believe that it is a fine idea to introduce the principle of civil liability in situations of obvious negligence.
Greater flexibility of the funds, the simplification of their administration and strategic coordination between instruments, policies and actors is a long-standing demand and a necessary tool for the social inclusion of marginalized groups within a complex policy framework of integrated policies, making use of all the EU financial resources available under the EU funds, and in particular under the ERDF, ESF and EAFRD.
Greater freedom in defining countries' priorities will offer genuine opportunities for agricultural regions to develop.
Greater mobility for young people, a greater capacity to develop opportunities for work, and a labour market that must take into consideration not only young people working in a given context, but all the sectors that provide opportunities for young people to grow.
Greater simplification and reduction of administrative costs to European and Canadian companies will bring greater economic competitiveness and safety for passengers.
Greece and other states are heavily in debt, although billions from the structural funds have been poured into these countries for many years.
Greece has received a package of coordinated bilateral loans from Member States as well as a loan from the IMF.
Greece has the potential to access a significant amount of European funds under the cohesion policy. I believe we should increase their rate of absorption and accelerate those funds, aiming for a significant impact on improving competitiveness and employment.
Greece is still living beyond its means, and the key is that Greece has to start earning more than it consumes and also be able to pay the interest rates on its debt burden.
Greece, Italy and Malta are obviously not in a position to secure their external borders and newcomers to the Schengen Group often relax their efforts after accession.
Greening events dealing with the environment in Pillar 1 must be clear, properly designed and easy to measure, and funding for Pillar 2 must be strong and fair.
Gross domestic product (GDP) is an indicator of economic market activity that has become a standard benchmark used by policy makers throughout the world and is best known as a measure of macro-economic activity. GDP does not reflect current environmental sustainability, resource efficiency, social inclusion or social progress in general. I agree with the Commission's proposal to develop additional indicators for measuring medium and long-term economic and social progress, and to establish clear and measurable indicators that provide information on climate change, biodiversity, resource efficiency and social inclusion.
Gross domestic product (GDP) is the standard macro-economic indicator, used, as a rule, to measure the economies of various states.
Gross domestic product is an outdated indicator based on economic principles that, by reducing quality to quantity, overlook the meaning of things and individual and collective well-being, undervalue work in itself compared to the object of production, and consider only the production of new objects, not maintenance.
Gross domestic product is the best known measure of macro-economic activity and is used in political analysis and discussions worldwide to indicate social development.
Gross domestic product no longer seems able to meet growing economic and political requirements. I think it is necessary to find a complementary system which could contribute to improved policy analysis and debate through the use of clear supplementary indicators for measuring medium- and long-term economic and social progress.
Gross domestic product, or GDP, is an instrument designed to indicate the aggregated added value of all money-based economic activities.
Grouping together and simplifying all the existing legislation on indications or marks will facilitate controls and the identification of any illegal practice.
Growth is the answer, and we will work with the Greek authorities and the Greek people to achieve that objective.
Guantánamo: imminent death penalty decision (debate) 
Guidelines on the prudent use of these substances have already been issued in numerous Member States, which has led to a reduction in their usage.
Guillermo Fariñas, last year's winner of the Sakharov Human Rights Prize, has accused the Cuban regime and, in particular, the First Secretary of the Communist Party, Raúl Castro, of Juan Soto's death.
Had Mr Gollnisch made the same statement in a part-session of the European Parliament or in one of his committees, would the same argument be being made? The content of the press release serving as a basis for extradition is moreover 100% covered by freedom of expression.
Had these powers been limited to euro zone countries alone, I would not have objected, but instead we see the Commission and many Members in this Parliament - including Ms Wortmann-Kool, for whom I have the utmost respect - using the crisis in the euro zone as an excuse to extend the power of the EU into the economic governance of the United Kingdom and other countries who do not use the euro. I was not elected to grant the EU more powers over the way the United Kingdom governs its affairs and I shall therefore vote against these proposals.
Had they done so, they would have learnt that Mr Gollnisch was only indirectly responsible in this affair and that it related to his freedom of political expression.
Had we accepted the compromise, we would have found it empty.
Happily, many regions have succeeded in exceeding the threshold for the maximum funding of 75%. However, if there is less poverty in the various regions of Europe, then European solidarity may also recede.
Harassment of the opposition and of independent human rights groups have now become a chronic problem in the country.
Has a plan already been outlined enabling the Commission to resolve the issues relating to market access? Can the existing differences in terms of economic structures and regulatory systems be overcome in the near future?
Has a reform in your criminal justice system been considered so that prosecutors have some discretion as to whether to issue an arrest warrant and do not have to pursue every single complaint? In that way, the famous small offences like the stolen piglet would not be so much of a problem.
Has the Commission included processed canned fish products as part of food aid packages sent by the European Union to countries suffering from a humanitarian crisis? Would the Commission not agree that processed canned fish products are ideally suited for food aid as the product is high in protein, has a long shelf life and can be supplied at short notice?
Has the fact actually ever been discussed - and this is another issue - that always right on time just prior to an Ecofin meeting, just before a European Council, one, two or three credit rating agencies assess whatever is on the table as a solution to the problems as being inappropriate? Who in actual fact are the people who are wielding the real power over economic development in Europe? Who is behind them?
Has the suggestion of a permanent body to coordinate both civilian and military disaster response from the EU and Member States made any headway?
Have we begun to learn from these events? I would like to think so. What is worse is that the waves of migrants coming to our shores in flimsy vessels, who are dying at sea - and let me point out that we have inadequate information on the number of deaths - are all too often met by division, quarrelling, closed borders, with some countries even calling into question the Schengen Area, an essential instrument for freedom of movement.
Have you campaigned against Syria chairing the UN Human Rights Council? Have you pushed for an international inquiry into the massacres? Even if you do not manage to persuade the Heads of State - and I agree with Mr Cohn-Bendit here - say so, do not leave us guessing! It is this ambiguity that weighs us down.
Having Syria on the Human Rights Council would be an insult to the victims and their families, and an encouragement for that regime to use brute force against its own people, with complete disregard for the values that the Human Rights Council is supposed to uphold.
Having a common, stronger voice in our foreign policy is certainly a good thing, but it cannot diminish the importance of the foreign policy of the Member States themselves, or its flexibility or independence.
Having a homogenous formula for a social clause that could be inserted in all bilateral trade agreements is what is proposed in the report that we have just adopted on the external dimension of social policy and the promotion of social standards.
Having complained that no quotes have been used during this debate, I would now like to quote from the new Hungarian constitution: 'We are proud of the fact that our country has been part of Christian Europe for 1 000 years and we are aware of the role of Christianity in sustaining our nation'. I am pleased to find such sentiments in a constitution.
Having considered all the arguments, the Committee on Legal Affairs recommends that the European Parliament should waive the parliamentary immunity of Bruno Gollnisch.
Having considered the reasons in fact and in law for and against waiving the Member's immunity, the Committee on Legal Affairs recommends that Parliament waive Mr Severin's parliamentary immunity, but also believes that, until a final sentence is passed, the Member should be immune from any form of detention or remand or any other measure which prevents that Member from performing the duties proper to his mandate.
Having consulted with the political groups, I would like to submit to the House the following proposed amendments to the final version of the draft agenda:
Having had recourse to the bailout mechanism, Greece, Spain and Portugal have come under heavy pressure from the Commission and the IMF to make major changes to industrial relations and collective bargaining procedures under the terms of the respective 'Memorandums', thereby overturning national guarantees for workers.
Having made these additional comments, let me conclude by reiterating my confidence about tomorrow's vote and in the quality of the Dess report. I can promise you that in October, when the Commission presents its legislative proposals, you will recognise all the key elements. I would like to thank you once again for this work, which has brought real added value to the legislative package that the Commission will be tabling.
Having noted, and I quote and now utter the following euphemism - 'a lack of values and ethics in the behaviour of certain actors in the financial markets and institutions' - this Parliament has set off on a pathetic crusade to inject some ethics into the sector.
Having purchased a huge amount of Greek Government bonds, and also having accepted much as collateral, the ECB is now trapped.
Having said that, I think it was a useful discussion because, when there is corruption, someone is corrupted but there is also someone doing the corrupting, so in a way, the G8 members were also scrutinised when we discussed the issue of Africa.
Having said that, I think the new factor of the analysis of macroeconomic imbalances can be useful. I apologise, Commissioner, not only for detecting problems of bubbles in the property or financial markets, but also for pointing out the importance of Europe's major problem: the tensions generated by the completely divergent ways in which the economies that make up the euro area evolve.
Having said that, it should also be mentioned that some of these investments will come back in, for instance, saved oil expenditure.
Having said that, what needs to happen before ex-ante controls are improved? How can we ensure improvement of the management of implementing organisations? What will the Commission do in order to increase further the capacity of beneficiary countries and regional organisations and what is necessary for that to happen? In the future, the EU development policy should spend more on funds which offer access to financial services, that is microfinancing funds.
Having said this, I have voted in favour of Amendment 1 because I am completely against using common agricultural policy funds to provide the resources needed for the programmes.
Having said this, I stated in my explanation of vote that I voted in favour. I continue to believe in Europe, just as I continue to believe in the effectiveness of the presence of a High Commissioner.
Having said this, it is fair to say that we concur with the Commission's aim of improving Schengen governance by reviewing the evaluation mechanism on the basis of a Community approach.
Having said this, the European Central Bank's credibility relies on the absolute determination of the euro area governments to do whatever it takes to ensure the financial stability of the euro area, so I have no doubts about the system's ability, of the efforts in the euro area and the credibility of the European Central Bank. I have no doubts about the capacity of the European Central Bank to defend European interests, nor about the commitment of the Member States of the euro area to provide all the guarantees the European Central Bank needs to fulfil its independent role as our central bank.
Having weighed up the issues, I abstained from voting.
He allegedly claims to have met David Cameron and persuaded the Department of Health to consider his proposal for an NHS voucher scheme.
He asked you from whom you actually take your orders and which of the 27 nations you can actually speak about - and I think those questions have resonated in the Chamber today.
He certainly proved during the time that negotiations were going on that he had a very big back indeed, because there were a lot of people throwing knives at him during that period.
He got loans, services, advisers and the breadth of things that could make a difference, so I think that it is a good model.
He has all the requisites for being an excellent President of the European Central Bank.
He has also worked in the area of defence, has handled finances and budgets at a high level and was also a supporter of Swedish membership of the EU.
He has served as director general of the Swedish Companies Registration Office, an independent government agency, and as state secretary on several occasions.
He is a Dutch national who was extradited to Poland on the basis of a European Arrest Warrant for an affair dating back to the mid-1990s.
He is not only emblematic because of Guantánamo and the death penalty, but also because he is one of the only two named victims of secret detentions in Europe.
He is usually a man, although his female equivalent can increasingly be found stalking our corridors in her sharp trouser suit.
He said he wanted to have a meeting with Callaghan - I think it was - the British Prime Minister, on some issues and Callaghan said why not combine this with a good game of golf? So Ford said, well, the Canadian Prime Minister, Trudeau, is a good player, we should invite him, and then Trudeau - welcoming the invitation - said he had some issues to solve with the French, so why not invite the French Prime Minister.
He said it is necessary for this mechanism to be able to provide countries with flexible credit lines.
He said that, when Henry Kissinger was criticised for the United States' isolationist stance, particularly in relation to the European Union, he replied 'There is no fellow foreign minister nor a phone number I can call to speak to Europe'.
He spent two months in prison for this, in appalling conditions.
He spoke very clearly; we may not like what he said, but at least he was clear in what he said and we are grateful for that. I consider it only right that you are here. I do not think there is particular cause to mention it. Nonetheless, it is good that you are here.
He would have noticed that economies are stagnating, jobs are being lost and industries struggling to compete in a fast-changing world.
He, too, is currently under arrest, and he, too, is being persecuted simply because the Lukashenko regime is afraid of free speech - it is afraid of free speech, which is the foundation of every democracy. I think that we Europeans, assembled in this Chamber today, have no option other than to say very loudly: 'yes' for a free Belarus, 'yes' for democracy in Belarus and 'yes' for the Belarusian nation in Europe.
Helping other countries to construct stable democratic societies in countries governed by the rule of law, where human rights are observed and freedom of speech is guaranteed, with a solid judicial system, territorial defence and armed forces, is a commendable plan. I hope that we will succeed in putting it into effect on a wider scale, making even more efficient use of funds.
Hence I am particularly delighted that the proposals contained in my 2008 report on port State control have become key principles underpinning EMSA's work.
Hence my pressing question: how, in this new situation, will the European Union apply its own Quartet principles? Conducting business as usual with Ramallah implies at any event letting go of these fundamental principles of peace.
Hence my question to the Commissioner: what are the most important changes that have been made to ensure that, this year, there is no repeat of the failure of last year's stress test?
Hence, I am calling for the de minimis aid threshold to be increased from EUR 30 000 to EUR 60 000 per firm.
Hence, I support the report.
Hence, it is vital to ensure that agricultural products can be traced from farm to fork at European level.
Hence, the importance of this resolution which insists on the need for the European Union to adopt other indicators in addition to GDP in order to take better account of, among other things, climate change, biodiversity or even social integration, these being major political challenges that are close to my heart. I voted for this report because defining and implementing a new range of indicators is an important challenge for measuring the quality of life of European citizens more accurately, and improving the political answers that cannot be drawn up solely on the basis of GDP. I think that this initiative is the first encouraging step towards greater account being taken of social and environmental issues in European public policies.
Hence, the proposal to establish a common European contract law, which would benefit consumers and help ensure increased cross-border trade within the Internal Market.
Hence, we have a duty to ensure that they all have access to vocational education and training.
Hence, we need to establish rules and standards governing their ratings and their impartiality. I voted in favour of the report by Mr Klinz because I think it is essential for the European Union to have adequate rules to manage the impact of ratings on the overall financial and economic system.
Her Majesty's Government is nevertheless a government that wants to take decisions, that wants to reform not only the UK but also the European Union.
Her skills, political experience, moral authority and perfect command of English, coupled with her experience of working across the globe, make her the ideal candidate for the post of Managing Director of the IMF.
Here I cannot accept the Commissioner's point of view that we should keep the two matters separate. I think they are linked in the eyes of the voters, and they are linked in my eyes. I would certainly not vote for an agreement unless this dispute is settled before we reach the final stages of this deal.
Here I should like to emphasise - as has been mentioned a couple of times today already - that there have been departures from my original report on some matters. I have been in the political game too long, and I know exactly why I drafted the report as I did.
Here again, there is an agreement among the Members and groups of the European Parliament that discharge should be postponed.
Here in the Chamber today we have again mentioned research, development, social cohesion and energy, all priorities for which the budget is the most important indicator of the seriousness of our intentions.
Here is a country that has not really moved forward in terms of political rights since the break-up of the Soviet Union.
Here we have the proposal. I would like the strongest possible support from Parliament because then, we can discuss this with the Member States and raise with them the issue of whether they all want to be number one or whether they are happy to be number three. I think that choice is simple and I am looking forward to this debate and to the vote on Wednesday.
Here we have young people - who organised themselves via social networks like Facebook - arrested and sentenced to up to two and a half years imprisonment because they peacefully demonstrated under the slogan 'drug abuse'. Others are threatened with a similar fate.
Here, I should stress that it is crucial that national authorities do not rush to give information on any source of infection which is not proven by bacteriological analysis, as this spreads unjustified fears in the population all over Europe and creates problems for our food producers selling products in the EU and outside the EU.
Here, I think we are talking about Guantánamo Bay. I think we are talking about secret prisons. I think we are talking about gross abuses of human rights and I think they are taking place in the biggest imperialist power in the world - the United States - and they should be condemned here.
Here, I would like to pay tribute to Ms Wallis, our President for today, Mr Casini, our rapporteur, and also to Mr Leinen and Ms Durant.
Here, I would specially mention the case of Mr Hajiyev. I think the authorities should understand that peaceful demonstrations are a natural part of political life in any democratic country and that the pluralism of opinions and political beliefs is a fundamental part of a democratic society.
Here, there is obviously the risk of conflicts of interest as well as of this being an invitation to freeloaders.
Here, too, it must be ensured that the willingness of both employers and workers exists and increases when it comes to taking advantage of further training and continuing to gain education by means of lifelong learning.
Here, too, the task is to achieve better coordination between the various funds, which is a general objective for the joint strategic framework.
Here, too, we are faced with problems that we are actually already aware of. However, because we shy away from entering into a debate with the medical sector, the pharmaceuticals industry and the intensive livestock farming sector - there is a great deal to be addressed here - we are also not being as consistent as we need to be in the way we deal with the matter of antibiotics resistance. EHEC and antibiotics resistance are both major problems.
Here, we can still achieve a great deal for small and medium-sized enterprises.
Herr Kommissar Oettinger, ich bitte Ihnen ... Commissioner Oettinger, please answer this: if Russia agrees to carry out stress tests on their nuclear plants with reference to the criteria that I am now pushing for, do you believe that it will actually improve our safety, given that there are several Chernobyl-type reactors close to the EU's borders?
Hiding behind words without resolving the matter directly can no longer be an option when admission to the Schengen area has never been a political problem, but a technical one.
High unemployment among young people is one of the Commission's top priorities and is one of my foremost personal concerns.
High-quality vocational education and training must both respond to the demands of the labour market and create the conditions for workforce mobility.
Highlighting the synergies between the different agents involved, developing young people's independence, taking action to stop young people leaving education early, reasserting the importance of vocational training and apprenticeships, adopting a binding European quality framework for training schemes: these are the kinds of good ideas that it is important for us to air now at national level.
Highly qualified and well-educated people represent a competitive advantage for the EU, and support for vocational education should take this into account.
His candidature is an important political signal for Italy, after his brilliant experience as Director-General of the Treasury and Governor of the Bank of Italy from 2006, during which time he successfully promoted Italy on the European and international scene.
His experiences within the European Financial Stability Board and at the head of the Bank of Italy are sizeable assets for the visibility of the institution at international level and hence for the European Union's place as the world's largest economic power.
His prestigious career, ranging from his academic appointments to his position at the highest levels of the economic and financial world as chairman of the Financial Stability Board, makes him a top-drawer candidate for the office of President.
His purpose in doing so was to analyse and contribute to the social 'question' which - today as in 1991 - can only be resolved by referring to Christian doctrine and, hence, by recognising the absolutely indiscriminate dignity of the human being and the worker.
His stage was the ruins of the devastated national library in Sarajevo; his audience consisted of a small group of people who had remained, despite the siege of the city, and who were listening to his music.
Historical criteria are to be removed and objective criteria are required.
History has taught us that caution is necessary, but delays or hesitation in the face of unsatisfactory results can be devastating.
Hitherto a key reference, despite leading to possible errors of appreciation (for instance, the rebuilding that follows natural disasters is recorded as economic progress), GDP on its own will no longer do. I voted for Mrs Rosbach's report since it calls on the Commission to continue its research in this area by challenging the reluctance of the Conservatives who believe that only GDP is reliable and the illusions of a section of the left who would like us to measure precisely ... happiness! The Commission's work will have to be closely monitored because it could lead to an important development: a new, more appropriate method of calculating how European funding is allocated to the regions (regional policy). Until now, funding has been granted on the basis of GDP per person in the regions concerned.
Hitherto at EU level, key policy initiatives for environmental accounts include the Sixth Environmental Action Programme, the EU sustainable development strategy and various sectoral policy initiatives related to the Cardiff process, covering areas such as climate change, sustainable transport, nature and biodiversity, health and the environment, natural resource use and waste management and the international dimension of sustainable development.
Hitherto, however, this procedure has rarely been applied. I agree with the position set out in the resolution that the European Parliament should make greater use of the powers it has been given in this field.
Hitherto, this policy has been fragmented and more oriented towards academic and scientific research, rather than transforming innovative ideas into real or adapted products or services that would stimulate growth and job creation.
Honourable Member, what you said reflects my own thoughts precisely. I agree with you completely.
Honourable Members, I hope that the avenues and initiatives I have indicated will be followed up with effective action within the Member States.
Honourable Members, we are in a situation where the financial industry is slowly recovering from this crisis, an unprecedented struggle - even though, for some banks, the crisis already seems to be over.
Honourable Members, we have to do as much as we can to support countries across the world.
Hopefully, that is a first step towards further earmarking of this money.
Hopefully, the revision of the Small Business Act will help us to understand and evaluate where we should increase our efforts so that we can establish an environment that works better for small business.
How and to what extent should ITER be financed? The subject has now become a recurrent item on the agenda of the European Parliament.
How are we going to follow up on this report? We are asking the European Commission to draw up a White Paper, following on from its Green Paper, so as to perform a review leading to a genuine strategy for the creative and cultural industries.
How can an EU which, in alliance with the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) and the United States, is promoting a war, and violating international law and the UN Charter in Libya, contribute to making the UN more democratic, or to humanity's peace and progress? How can the EU contribute to non-intervention in states' internal affairs, and respect their sovereignty and independence, and their right to development - rights enshrined in the UN Charter and in international law - when, in partnership with the International Monetary Fund (IMF), it is imposing an unprecedented programme of aggression against the workers and people of Portugal, and of the usurping of their resources? It cannot.
How can it in fact be the case that in this Union - in which one of our greatest achievements as regards fundamental freedoms is the freedom of movement of our citizens - suddenly two heads of government can simply arbitrarily render ineffective one of our really great achievements - that was an excellent phrase you used in your speech - because of a marginal problem that can easily be managed? How can that be possible? All that is needed for these people to win is for us not to fight sufficiently against it. I would therefore have liked to see you fight it.
How can they get out of this situation? Through a neutral, inclusive and consensual transition process.
How can we be? The answer is as researchers, scientists, policy makers, workers on the shop floor, consumers and citizens.
How can we get an overall picture at European Union level, when only 19 countries have provided the basic indicators needed for the purposes of comparison? Although we have asked the Commission to improve the consistency and quality of the information obtained, there is a transparency vacuum, a lack of available data.
How can we possibly know what human society and Planet Earth will look like ten thousand years from now?
How can we talk about a trade war if, at the same time, we want to label cloned meat and the meat from descendants of cloned animals? We should have made more effort in this area and not said immediately, as soon as the Americans expressed their doubts, that we could not do this. I am calling on the Commission to see this as an argument for producing a new proposal.
How can you justify this distinction?
How can you talk about regional cooperation programmes with third countries when the democrats of Tunisia and Libya are seeing us closing our countries' borders? Is it possible to talk about that? We cannot say ambiguous things.
How cautious we have been in the way we have talked about condemning the human rights violations perpetrated by a country which claims to be the greatest democracy in the world, which still has the death penalty, and for which Guantánamo is an illustration to the world of human rights and international law violations committed in the name of combating terrorism.
How could I remain indifferent about a text on pluralism and the concentration of power in regulatory authorities such as those set out in the still fresh Hungarian media law? We should all worry about democracy when a ruling party passes laws that cement its power well beyond the end of its term and limits the relevance of future elections, and about political leaders going as far as writing or amending fundamental laws that fit only their political credo or economic policies.
How did we try to achieve this? On the one hand, we were engaged in continuous dialogue with both countries, watching their efforts and attempting to help them find ways to get a better recognition of their efforts.
How do you propose to ensure that this support for the CAP is maintained in the new EU multiannual financial framework?
How do you think that we can incorporate these ambitions within the framework of the Innovation Union into all the work that we do in the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy, into all the other documents that are still to come, into the common strategy framework, into all the research funding and into future programmes? How can the Commission ensure that, ultimately, a single thread runs through all these policy elements so that we actually attain the objectives set in this Innovation Union?
How does Mrs Ashton intend to establish a uniform voice for the EU at the United Nations, and how does she intend to build a good image for the EU in this organisation?
How does the Commission intend to develop the next programme, from 2014 on? I believe that this subject is of particular interest to many people active in European Union affairs and many of the youngsters in our countries.
How does the Commission intend to promote closer participation by the regions, what means will be used, and what funding will be provided?
How does the Commission propose to combat the use of the Internet by criminal gangs across Europe?
How has it been able to continue for so long? I think that either the British Government should not be entitled to any rebate at all or that other countries which find themselves in a similar situation to that which Great Britain was in in 1984 should be treated the same. I hope that the Commission proposals will, in fact, move in this direction.
How is it more in the public interest and more democratic for us to know what Mr De Magistris thinks of a fellow Member than for us to know what the Front National thinks about the riots in Romans or the dangers of mass immigration? It is precisely because the opponents of Bruno Gollnisch did not like the press release in question, even though it is of greater public interest, that he is losing his immunity.
How is it supposed to work if, on the one hand, a protectorate is de facto established - Greece - and on the other the taxpayers in better-off nations have their bonds plundered via the European Central Bank and the bad banks? How can you explain to people who were adamant that they should not give up the schilling and the mark that we now suddenly need Eurobonds simply because the banks cannot be kept in check - by the way, Mr Hughes, it is very nice that the social democrats have now realised this.
How is it to be financed? By a new European tax, of course! Who are they trying to kid? Europe already costs a great deal.
How often is this not synonymous with policies and practices that cancel out or disrespect each country's identity and cultures?
How should we classify the middle-class protests in the Arab countries? The underlying causes are both political and economic.
How the accountability of members of boards of directors is organised must be clearly defined, and must be put into practice in a reasonable way, so as not to jeopardise financial institutions' willingness to seize business opportunities, which is a desirable aspect of their work, or the quality of the human resources at their disposal.
How the bacteria were actually created is a different case; research and findings are needed urgently.
How will you now conduct the dialogue? It says in your communication that, at the end of 2011, you will hold a convention and take some other action. I have already had the opportunity to speak with you a couple of times, including in the form of a dialogue, at the knowledge for innovation summits in this House.
How will you organise that from here on in? We want to see more of you.
How would the national parliaments react to such a suggestion? If you would not dare to try it nationally, please do not attempt it at European level.
How would you explain this? What did you really and factually commit to the southern Mediterranean neighbourhood policy within the context of the only amount of money that has been mentioned by you?
How, and with what provision in the draft budget will the Commission attempt to achieve by next year the objective of an average 1% increase in employment in the EU?
How, though, can we be better prepared than we were four years ago when faced with the crisis that originated in the United States and nearly swept everything away? By creating tools, frameworks for governance, supervision, responsibility, transparency, everything that was lacking, everything that had been part of the very powerful tide of ultraliberalism that first swept through the world in the 1990s, everything that was partially dismantled, too, with the foolish idea that the markets could regulate themselves.
However - and the Socialists have been saying this for a long time - Europe will not emerge from this crisis by sacrificing its future and selling tomorrow's growth on the cheap.
However I would once again ask that we should remember the problem of bureaucracy when implementing this law.
However the EU cannot do everything on its own: it must cooperate more with the relevant international organisations (ILO, WTO, OECD), in particular, for combating the phenomenon of free zones, as these go against any social legislation.
However the repayment will come from the ordinary taxpayer: in other words, Ireland, Portugal and Greece are being sent the bill for propping up the entire European banking system.
However the titles held by the banks until final maturity are listed in the banking book.
However through this vote, I call upon Parliament's President and the Members who are negotiating the Union budget on behalf of Parliament to suggest to the Council that it take steps to ensure that the Union can make these savings.
However we must be careful about where we do so: one proposal would be to reduce military spending; another would be to reduce the two European Parliament sites to a single one.
However, Article 51 of the Charter states that its provisions are addressed to the institutions, bodies, offices and agencies of the EU, with due regard for the principle of subsidiarity, and to the Member States only when they are implementing EU law.
However, EU 'assistance' has demonstrated that it has little to do with solidarity.
However, Europe's framework programme has a reputation for being the most bureaucratic in the world.
However, I abstained in the vote because this own-initiative report contained a point which I thought was particularly weak, which made it impossible for me to vote in favour.
However, I accept that it should improve transparency regarding estimates and who has responsibility for projects, procurement procedures, and follow-up of potential irregularities.
However, I agree - as the report says - that the carryover of appropriations needs to be better managed because they are in breach of the budgetary principle of annuality. I also agree with the observations by the Court of Auditors about delays in procurement procedures. I have a positive take on the effort made to bring in a centralised system for registration of incoming invoices, which is necessary to improve their management.
However, I agree with the rapporteur that the EU needs to demand that Japan, inter alia, remove tariff barriers and obstacles to public tenders before negotiations can begin. I also believe Parliament must send a positive signal in the wake of the tsunami which devastated part of the Japanese coast with enormous loss of life and property, not to mention the Fukushima nuclear plant.
However, I also believe that nuclear power should be part of our future energy mix.
However, I also challenge you to give your full attention to Union legislation to guarantee labour, salary, maternity and illness protection, and social security rights for domestic workers, both male and female.
However, I also think that we need to look at exploring areas within Europe that have not been explored before because it was not economically viable to do so. Now that is changing. I think if we could increase the supply within Europe, that would automatically bring down world prices and also, of course, make us less dependent on non-democratic regimes for our supply.
However, I also think that we need to utilise this momentum that we have created together, Commissioner Šemeta - and I would ask you to pass on our thanks to President Barroso - and this dynamism for the other discharge reports.
However, I am bound by law and legislation.
However, I am concerned, Commissioner. I am concerned about the silence of the Presidency of the Council at the start of this debate concerning this mechanism, and I am also concerned about the Council's year-long silence concerning the mechanism for resettling refugees, as already mentioned by Mr Tavares.
However, I am highly critical of Parliament's Prize for Journalism, and I do not believe that it is appropriate for Parliament to award prizes to journalists whose task it is to critically examine the European Parliament. I therefore believe that this prize should be abolished.
However, I am not here to discuss what should be agreed among competent Members of the Commission and the International Monetary Fund with the participation of the Greek authorities.
However, I am pleased that in recent years, we have succeeded in implementing almost all the provisions of the Small Business Act in the European Union.
However, I am sure that there are also other options.
However, I am very proud of the fact that a Roma strategy was devised during the Hungarian Presidency which determines clearly the obligations of every Member State in connection with the community of this difficult fate.
However, I believe that it is vital to increase Cedefop's involvement in structural measures aimed at vocational training, including the introduction of a system for assessing the effectiveness of training. I also believe that the agency has superb potential to draft an attractive proposal in this respect.
However, I believe that recognition of their usefulness should always depend on respect for certain fundamental principles, such as transparency and independence. I therefore agree with the rapporteur when she underlines the fact that the Commission has recently raised the quality of its impact assessments, while pointing out that further improvements are still needed.
However, I believe that the agreement should be balanced and encourage fair trade.
However, I believe that we have to go beyond this 'Youth on the Move' programme and, above all, avoid the trap of wanting every young person to go to university.
However, I believe this is also simply about realising what we can achieve in this highly sensitive area in the Eighth Framework Programme for Research.
However, I call on both the Commission and the Member States to actually do something with the data that these accounts will provide.
However, I call on the Centre to take more effective measures to remedy its constant rise in surplus; I note, in fact, that for several years the Centre has had an accumulated budget surplus contrary to Regulation (EC) No 2965/94, and that in 2009 the surplus amounted to EUR 24 000 000, whereas it had been EUR 26 700 000 in 2008, EUR 16 900 000 in 2006, EUR 10 500 000 in 2005 and EUR 3 500 000 in 2004; I observe that this surplus is mainly linked to the lack of precision in the forecasts for translation requests received from its clients. I welcome, nevertheless, the Centre's initiative to refund EUR 11 000 000 to its clients in 2009; and I stress that similarly, in 2007, the Centre had already refunded EUR 9 300 000 to its clients
However, I continue to believe that the Member States believe in it much less than we ourselves do. Therefore perhaps it should be pointed out - as was reiterated to Baroness Ashton this morning and on other occasions, too - that, unless Europe stops being partly economic and becomes more political instead, our role probably cannot be carried out as well as it could be, either.
However, I dare to say that a pragmatic sense of crisis-awareness has prevailed and helped us to cooperate in order to contain the sovereign debt crisis and protect economic recovery.
However, I do have doubts over the qualitative assessment of work which has been done.
However, I do hope that after the good quality work they have done on a professional level, they will have enough political weight and agility to reach important goals in other areas, such as the Croatian accession, migration and the very pressing issue of economic governance.
However, I do not agree with the part which condemns the Russians for blocking the gay pride march in Moscow and not giving same-sex couples the right to marry or adopt children. I think that in respect of our approach to homosexual and lesbian movements, every country is fully entitled to pursue its own independent policy.
However, I do not attach any hypocrisy to this because we need a common European position.
However, I do not believe that the register's primary aim is solely to combat corruption as the instances of corruption have, however, been very few and far between.
However, I do regret that with regard to implementing the urban dimension, there is not a clearer signal in favour of a more widespread use of general subsidies for direct management by towns.
However, I feel it is important to highlight the presence of some errors and anomalies that the Court of Auditors revealed in its evaluation of one open procurement procedure, which affected its quality. I therefore add my voice to the call for the European Foundation for the Improvement of Living and Working Conditions to take steps to improve its evaluation and review procedure.
However, I feel that the proposal made by the Commission is inappropriate for several reasons.
However, I have doubts that tweaks to the Stability and Growth Pact, that failed so miserably in assuring both stability and growth, are the right solution to Europe's economic woes. I also have grave concerns about reverse qualified majority voting in Council decisions linked to these reports.
However, I have the impression that we care too much about the situation outside the Union and care too little about standards inside the Union, for example, in Poland, because it is in Poland that after the current governing coalition gained control of the public media, it began to dismiss large numbers of journalists and close down their programmes, all of which had one thing in common - criticism of the current situation.
However, I maintain that the challenge of intermediate categories and the safeguard clause is one that we must take on in order to begin a new phase in Europe's cohesion policy and also to realise, within the cohesion policy, the more balanced and sustainable development that we want to assure for Europe over the coming years.
However, I must agree with the report where it states that due to a number of inconsistencies, procedures lacking transparency and carryovers revealed in the budget, the Agency should improve its financial management.
However, I must also mention that, in spite of sustained economic growth, enormous inequalities persist. I would like to highlight the need to ensure the free trade agreement (FTA) does not limit the powers that the Indian Government needs to resolve problems of poverty and inequality.
However, I must say that the proponents of sovereign debt restructuring seem to ignore the potentially devastating implications for financial stability in the country itself and in the euro area as a whole, and the consequences and ramifications for economic growth and employment.
However, I must stress that the success of Europe's economic policy must also depend on other, complementary measures to support investment and growth in the Member States.
However, I put it to the House that the cause of individual liberty under the law in the world would be better served if Parliament took more interest in the operations of the European Arrest Warrant.
However, I regard the issue of European farmers getting preferential treatment or being put at a disadvantage on the basis of additional criteria, for example the size of holdings, as problematic in view of the historically determined nature of the situation in the individual Member States.
However, I regret the shortcomings in the management of the fixed assets' inventory identified by the Court of Auditors but note the Agency's assurance that this will be remedied in the 2010 accounts; considers that uncertainty about the location of fixed assets is another illustration of the problems and additional costs arising from using two sites.
However, I share the rapporteur's concerns about the 27% overstatement of the pre-financing costs to border authorities highlighted by the Court of Auditors and the advances made in excess.
However, I should add that I believe those with political responsibilities in general, including Members, should always tell the truth and use language respectful of their interlocutors, which does not always happen.
However, I should like to ask you whether you seriously expect the European Parliament to negotiate on something that is our right under the treaties.
However, I still believe that the instruments we are discussing today, which will be adopted in the near future, are not exactly adequate and are only economically beneficial for central transit European Union Member States, and are not entirely favourable, or significantly less favourable, for a large number of European Union Member States situated on the EU's external borders.
However, I still believe that these instruments are only economically beneficial and favourable for a few central transit European Union Member States, and therefore completely unfavourable or much less favourable for a large number of European Union Member States, situated near the European Union's borders, both in the east, the south, the west and the north. I therefore believe that it would be worth us fully evaluating this aspect, weighing it up again, and only then adopting it.
However, I think further audits ought to be carried out on the use of some funds and budgetary management ought to be improved in order to reduce the high number of carryovers.
However, I think it is equally important, and perhaps even more important, for there to be specific and real involvement from the European Union in building civil society, providing financial support for non-governmental organisations and free media, and also in imposing economic sanctions.
However, I think it needs to answer a number of questions publicly.
However, I think that as part of future cooperation between the Union and Ukraine, instruments should be created which, in the longer term, would contribute to a strengthening of the rule of law in Ukraine. I have in mind, here, the idea of creating, for example, an advisory group to help bring Ukrainian law closer to European standards, and assistance in various areas of law, including the training of judges, for example. I think Ukraine's European aspirations, which, on the one hand, are hedged around with conditions, should, on the other, show a willingness to help in this. I hope the Polish Presidency of the Council of the European Union will adopt such a stance.
However, I think that greater responsibility could translate into greater objectivity and more thorough work, which would protect not just the affairs of the few but help reduce information imbalances, which amounts to safeguarding the functioning of the markets and also the general interest.
However, I think that it ought to be limited to rapporteurs who are responsible for drafting a law on behalf of Parliament.
However, I think that this can only benefit European consumers. I agree that we need more time to evaluate the impact of some additional labelling requirements, especially regarding origin, the care treatment method and the introduction of a harmonised size labelling system.
However, I think that this optional instrument deserves a try as it may get rid of some of the administrative burden which is currently preventing SMEs from expanding their businesses in Member States other than their own.
However, I think that, in order to avoid the same mistakes being made in future procedures, SESAR should complete and implement internal control systems and a financial information system which would allow for the most reliable and accurate assessment possible of the budgetary transactions for each financial year.
However, I think the lack of transparency in recruitment procedures and the inquiry opened by the European Anti-Fraud Office (OLAF) are worrying. I hope that the Foundation will take the appropriate action on this issue in order to improve its performance.
However, I think these additional measures and the solutions given to the shortcomings mentioned are important, not least as regards the illegal immigration phenomena recorded in Bulgaria because of its peripheral geographical location.
However, I trust that he recognises the mandate which he has been given by MEPs, and accordingly entertains their views as Governor of the ECB.
However, I voted in favour of the tabled amendments, which substantially mitigate the negative impact of the proposal: safeguard clause, limit of one year and the human rights clause.
However, I will give you one example.
However, I will mention it here because we need the help of the members of the European Parliament to go back to their constituencies and explain that the European semester is over and national semesters are starting. I think we know what to do; we have country-specific recommendations which are very fair, very honest and very detailed for each Member State, but now we need the cooperation of the national authorities and of the national governments to actually deliver and to carry out the reforms in the Member States.
However, I wish to point out that members of the Commission are not there to represent countries.
However, I would also ask you to pass on our thanks to your colleagues, because we had a very intense exchange with many individuals - I should particularly like to mention Mr Cioloş and Mr Hahn - and both were very cooperative.
However, I would also like to make a special point about the way current events have been communicated to the general public by German and European authorities, with the serious consequences we know for the fruit and vegetable sector, not only in Spain, but in all our Union.
However, I would also say here that it is perhaps time to have a general European response by accepting Eurobonds and accepting the possibility of selling them on the primary market, to respond to the international markets.
However, I would expressly like to see all these exclusions expire on a particular day. I would like the exclusions to be provided either with a clear time limit or with definite benchmarks, however they are structured - perhaps the Commission could consider what proposals it intends to bring to the table to go some way towards meeting India's demands. I would therefore like very clear limits for all exclusions, whether in the form of time limits or benchmarks.
However, I would have to add that I do not want to see the support for greening in Pillar One imposing further burdens and costs on our farmers.
However, I would like to emphasise once again that our concern has always been to produce a proposal to help those areas of regions which were not among the very poorest but which were still well below the average level and to provide support for the catching-up process.
However, I would like to point out that 13 EU Member States are already functioning without nuclear energy, including countries with successful economies such as Austria and Denmark, so we must be able to accept this possibility in Germany. I would also like to say that Chancellor Merkel gave a government policy statement today in the German parliament and highlighted once again that we must at least make joint progress in the areas we agree on in Europe.
However, I would like to remind you that the coin has another side.
However, I would like us to establish more precisely what overall cost savings the Union will achieve as a result of environmental improvements and to present these figures.
However, I would point out that the compromise reached with the insertion of the review clause and the joint statement by Parliament and the Council on origin marking - the political significance of which is not lost on me - could set a precedent and compromise the outcome of the difficult negotiations between the Commission, Parliament and the Council on the complex issue of origin marking for non-EU products, which Parliament approved at first reading last October and which concerns non-textile products also.
However, I would point out that these are lofty aims that will be difficult, if not impossible, to achieve in reality.
However, I would remind the House - this is something that we faced in Greece recently in important cases - that, even now, there are people being prosecuted for serious crimes of fraud and corruption in a Member State of the Union who disappear or manage to get off and escape arrest by making use of the different procedural provisions and different regulations in the various national laws.
However, I would state, once again, that the call for the introduction of a financial transaction tax has once again appeared in a report which is not directly related to setting out financial policy, and which I do not consider transparent practice.
However, IAs can in no way be a substitute for political debate and the legislator's democratic and legitimate decision-making process. IAs merely contribute to the preparation of the specific content of a political decision.
However, Mr Barroso, it will also be difficult to explain it to citizens if we only concentrate on austerity.
However, Russia does not seem to be budging at all.
However, SMEs continue to face serious problems expanding their activities and innovative capacities and it is difficult for them to access markets, above all, due to difficulties obtaining financing and administrative obstacles, which should also be reduced further.
However, Ukraine must implement the necessary far-reaching reforms, in particular, of the judicial system, the electoral system and the constitution, in order to be able to enjoy the opportunities which this agreement can offer with regard to association and economic integration with the EU. In addition, the country must make more decisive efforts to combat corruption.
However, a change in this system does not give the EU a direct right of taxation, as the Treaty does not provide for any such competence for the Union.
However, a great number of external challenges, particularly in our Mediterranean neighbourhood, mean we cannot afford to wait.
However, a sticking point for me is Commissioner Rehn's statement, which is related to this legislative package.
However, additional measures should be taken by Bulgaria, in cooperation with Greece and Turkey, to address the problem of illegal immigration.
However, after submitting the form, victims receive a letter demanding payment of EUR 1 000 per year for three consecutive years.
However, all options should be kept open and examined at present.
However, all this is an attempt to dress up the product in order to hide its real dangers from the electorate.
However, although this same goal was not achieved by the deadline, it remains the true purpose of common action.
However, ambitious trade measures are essential for the sustained economic recovery of Pakistan's economy and should be part of our medium-term response to those unprecedented natural disasters. I therefore hope that Parliament will support the proposal.
However, and this concerns Mr Stavrakakis, there is also a need for improved cooperation with the other funds in this area and, in particular, the fund for rural development.
However, any reform made to the approach of European Union policies to forests must not simply be reduced to the challenges posed by climate change, but take into account all the aspects relating to forests' contribution to the sustainable development of the environment, the rural economy, etc. at regional, European and global level.
However, any refusal to execute a European Arrest Warrant does not invalidate it. It remains a valid title for the arrest of the person concerned in the issuing Member State and indeed in any other Member State.
However, are there also controls in place in the other direction? We only need to think of the latest move from the music industry association to the copyright department.
However, arguing that it could cause difficulties for business and producers, representatives of the Member States did not endorse the requirement for labelling or traceability, in other words, the minimum requirements for being able to ensure consumer awareness.
However, as Baroness Ashton said last month after the Khodorkovsky/Lebedev judgment, and as the European Court on Human Rights has concluded on many occasions, real progress requires respect for democracy and human rights and a stable and fair legal framework for business, which are too often absent in Russia. A structured civil society dialogue would help; common action to fight climate change would help to build trust.
However, as Mr Klinz rightly points out, this business model risks drawing attention away from protecting investors and towards protecting debt issuers, unless suitable corrective measures are taken. I do not think that competition can be improved, since the proliferation of agencies could undermine the credibility of ratings.
However, as far as Mr Rapkay is concerned it only applies to Mr De Magistris, who is being prosecuted for libel, and not to Bruno Gollnisch, who is being prosecuted for expressing political opinions.
However, as is the case in many other areas of this sector, the crisis has demonstrated three key problems: lack of competition, over-reliance on external ratings in the regulatory framework and no liability for CRA ratings.
However, as is well-known, they are currently the ones suffering most from the crisis, not least with unemployment reaching extremely high levels: unemployment rates amongst young people are double those for all the other unemployed.
However, as part of the package, the Commission was requested by the European Council and Parliament to assess modalities for their inclusion in the EU reduction commitment by mid-2011, and to make a legislative proposal as appropriate.
However, as regards trade relations between the European Union and third countries, there remain profound differences in terms of social protection systems, as well as of working conditions.
However, as the recent events remind us, it is clear that we need a stable, prosperous Pakistan, which will not go down the slippery slope of extremism and will be able to act as a partner in the anti-terror effort.
However, as there are certain points in the report which are typical of the Bologna policy on education, to which I am opposed, in that it refers to the need to formulate programmes in keeping with the 'needs of the market', which I consider may jeopardise the nature of the programme, I abstained.
However, as various studies have shown, instead of providing business with loans, the national banks in some Member States have tightened lending conditions even more.
However, as we have seen all too often recently, the so-called single voice with which Europe should approach multilateral issues is often damaging to the Member States' own prerogatives and autonomy of decision. I must therefore abstain, because the report has some positive aspects, but they are invalidated by the considerations expressed above.
However, at a time when the economic and financial crisis is heightening social inequalities, structural fund allocations to the Member States are in decline.
However, at domestic level, SMEs constantly encounter difficulties in obtaining financing or in coping with administrative tasks which often exceed the requirements under EU directives.
However, at the moment we simply have to accept that the government in power in Minsk has no policies, no transparency, no democracy and no concept of safety.
However, at the same time, it must be said that all regions must have access to cohesion policy, both Eastern European Member States and strong national economies like Germany.
However, at the same time, it would be completely unreasonable to ignore these challenges, to give in to euroscepticism and give up the political ambitions that the Member States have given us in the Treaty of Lisbon, for example.
However, attempts to bind those of us outside the euro zone with targets and processes designed to harmonise economic policy are unacceptable. I do not wish to see the euro zone in prolonged difficulty, but the ECR cannot support EU legislation that transfers any further powers away from national governments who are currently outside of that euro zone.
However, before implementing it, we should find out more about the possibilities of adapting the new method in everyday life.
However, beyond the current crisis and in order to achieve a sustainable recovery, we are also awaiting far-reaching economic governance reforms because, while we have completed the monetary side of the economic and monetary union, with the euro, the economic side is inadequate, and we are paying a high price for that today.
However, beyond the stated desire to encourage the Member States to step up their investments in the area of education independently from the financial crisis, the report is in the spirit of the policies aimed at liberalising higher education and subordinating it to the sole immediate interests of the market and thus of companies.
However, bilateral safeguard clauses are also important in this agreement. I am thinking of sensitive economic sectors such as the automotive, electronics, aerospace and mechanical engineering industries. I am certain that Japan can and will be a fair and reliable partner.
However, by approving a new constitution that states that the foetus must be protected from the moment of conception, Hungary, a Member State, has trampled on these values by allowing the right to abortion once more to be brought into question.
However, clearly these objectives can only be achieved if the Union's budget is not cut.
However, continuing the reform of the Bologna Process is even more important.
However, conventional national accounts focus mainly on market transactions and on indicators that reflect important factors in creating prosperity, but do not measure prosperity itself.
However, current concerns from Member States are not reactionary, but instead the inevitable consequence of over 20 years of ever-changing circumstances in Europe and around the world.
However, despite all the efforts of the Commission to improve its impact assessment as well as those that we have made in this regard in the European Parliament, the quality of the impact assessment is still in need of improvement.
However, despite our vote in favour, we believe that the interests of the movement of capital should not be promoted at the expense of safeguarding the rights of people and workers.
However, despite these concerns, we will vote in favour of the proposal for a regulation.
However, developments in the regulatory framework have made these 'information intermediaries' de facto 'regulatory licensors'. The recent financial crisis has highlighted that there are three key problems in the industry: lack of competition, over-reliance on external ratings in the regulatory framework and no liability for ratings by CRAs.
However, do you really think you are on the right track? The European right-wing is getting ready simply to abolish the goals of the Europe 2020 strategy.
However, during further negotiations, it is crucial to address some important issues. I believe that significant attention must be paid to Europe's most sensitive sectors, such as industry, agriculture and the services sector.
However, each Member State has the responsibility to respect the European Community that they are part of. The protection of LGBT people is fundamental to the European Union, and Hungary cannot disregard that.
However, economic policy is not just a simple mechanical sequence of procedures.
However, establishing such safety solely within Europe is no great achievement.
However, fisheries partnership agreements should not simply be a legal way of allowing European vessels to have access to fish stocks in third countries; they should also be a tool to promote sustainable exploitation of all maritime resources.
However, for formal reasons, we must ensure that those businesses which are affected are involved in an appropriate way and, therefore, we need the time to do this.
However, from a more detailed perspective, all the areas designated as pistes must be included.
However, funds for quality public education are increasingly short, and students are faced with a lack of grants, unemployed families and dropping out of their studies, as is happening in Portugal with the restrictive policies that are being practised.
However, given that the term of this agreement is three years and that fishing opportunities have therefore been reduced by half, we are concerned about the fact that the cost of licences has been increased to EUR 40 000 for tuna seiners, although there has been an increase in the number of these ships covered by the agreement.
However, given the complicated nature of the negotiations for the approval of Resolution 1973, we can anticipate the arduous work that awaits you to update and rationalise the representation of the European Union, which is fragmented and dispersed and has an ad hoc status in each of the 249 multilateral agreements involving the European Union.
However, given the current economic situation, perhaps this is not the best moment to adopt this text.
However, given the historical and very successful economic relationship between the EU and Canada, I support an agreement that transcends the commitments made within the framework of the WTO and is in addition to the multilateral rules, so as to achieve the maximum potential of cooperation between these two powers.
However, given the sector's dependence on fossil fuels, and with a view to the new reform, consideration should be given to efforts accompanied by an innovation policy, in addition to the efforts already made to date, so as to make the fishing fleet more energy efficient.
However, given what the Commission has just said - that we have data from 10 Member States and that it is not yet available to us - we really are talking about concerns about which we do not have detailed facts.
However, greater fairness is needed in the distribution of direct payments, both among Member States and farmers. I hope that the future legislative proposal will provide a solution for getting rid of the unfair disparities.
However, having an effective European foreign policy and our own defensive capabilities without having our own intelligence service and a facility for gathering information is like having a house without a roof.
However, having made these statements, the report does not draw out all the consequences of the facts presented, simply making a few inconsequential observations.
However, how can we talk about mutual trust when some Member States are changing the rules of the game midway by introducing new criteria for joining Schengen?
However, if Mr De Gucht believes this to be the case, he will certainly agree with the significant weakening of the instrument for examining existing agreements, which we voted on in an amendment, and with the limitation of the reasons for withdrawing approval to four clear criteria.
However, if nothing else, we could say that something positive has come out of it in that they will have the opportunity to think again and realise that there really is a need now for outside help.
However, if states coordinated their policies and funding in the area of priorities, they would achieve better results and would save more funds than the amount by which we want to increase the common EU budget.
However, if the European Union fails as a transnational project for securing peace and prosperity and breaks apart, then it will be more than just a political union that breaks apart.
However, if this House were to demonstrate its backing for the candidacy of Sarajevo today, I would put my trust in the judiciousness and far-sightedness of the Council, as our arguments are actually irrefutable.
However, if we do not accept the electricity and an electricity exchange is not possible, because we are planning our own nuclear power stations in the Baltic States, we will have less control over the technology used in Kaliningrad than if we had an open electricity market. I will be happy to have more in-depth discussions on this subject.
However, if we do not create this intermediate category, we can be sure that the budget for cohesion policy will be cut.
However, if we take the example of Greece, tens and hundreds of thousands of citizens recently took to the square and the streets around the Hellenic Parliament quite spontaneously, without being directed to do so, angrily calling for a decent standard of living and prospects.
However, if we transfer more responsibilities to the EU, expecting it to finance ambitious projects, while, at the same time, cutting funding, then we will be guilty of acting against solidarity within the European Union because we will encourage internal divisions in the fight for funds, for example, in cohesion policy.
However, if we want to apply serious policy, we should increase funding for our agricultural policy, for a fairer, more effective and more viable common agricultural policy.
However, if we want to be safe, identical criteria should be applied to facilities already existing or planned in the EU's neighbourhood (Russia, Belarus, Turkey, Armenia, Switzerland and Ukraine). As we consistently strive for this, we must speak with one voice.
However, in a world challenged by energy shortages, we need to remain open-minded.
However, in any case, Commissioner, we have to allow the scientists to do their work: they need to investigate the entire traceability system, throughout the food chain, including the handling and distribution of food.
However, in my opinion, closing Schengen's gates to Romania and Bulgaria should not penalise honest citizens, who would suffer the most if they now lost the opportunity to travel freely throughout Europe.
However, in my opinion, this Commission document lacks analysis of research and data on children's education, care and social protection, taking into account information from all 27 European Union Member States.
However, in order for the programme's real benefits to be achieved, there is a need to establish a medium- and long-term strategy for financing and governance, covering the main actions to be carried out.
However, in order to avoid pollution, traffic jams and time-consuming journeys, we need to find new arrangements, such as free park-and-ride schemes combined with flexible monthly cards for several modes of transport, such as bicycles, motorcycles, car sharing, metros, electric buses, underground rail systems, etc.
However, in order to ensure regional cooperation does not serve merely as an excuse to delay decisions, we have added a whole raft of requirements which such cooperation should meet.
However, in order to realise these objectives, territorial cooperation programmes will have to be simplified, and local authorities and the public will need to be more involved by encouraging better communication through a large-scale media and awareness-raising campaign.
However, in order, at the same time, to be credible when asking for more money, we must also have the courage to look at existing structures and existing costs.
However, in spite of the warnings about the humanitarian aspect made to your services, to your collaborators, to your cabinet and to your Director-General, and despite the fact that I submitted a draft statement to you myself, you did not speak out until there had been 32 deaths and more than 300 wounded.
However, in the UK at least, and we will hear this later, the European Arrest Warrant has become a favourite stick with which the Eurosceptics batter the reputation of the EU. Their cause has been helped by several notorious cases of breaches of human rights.
However, in the case of Greece, Commissioner, despite what has been achieved, as you have repeatedly emphasised, with the 7-point reduction in the primary deficit and a 5% reduction in the overall deficit, the fact that the recession was deeper than forecast in 2010 has resulted in less revenue for the State.
However, in the current agreement, we have to say that the car does not seem to be included in the congestion. I am referring to major problems, such as the state of the infrastructure and the fact that things are improving, including in terms of reducing noise or other pollution.
However, in the political field, it was rather quiet on the climate front after Copenhagen and Cancún. Now it is clearly back on the political agenda.
However, in this instance the Council's cooperation was completely inadequate.
However, in view of the results that are now known, the Commission must be urged to supervise the implementation of Directive 2006/114/EC and, at the same time, to test its limits with a view to its improvement.
However, insofar as it is not yet a Member State, it is necessary to define its status - its rights of participation and what responsibilities it should have - in the context of the EMCDDA.
However, insufficient private investment in new high-risk small and medium-sized enterprises (SME), will leave green technology innovation in Europe largely dependent on public funding.According to the OECD, intergovernmental coordination is vital in the EU with its 27 national innovation policies and a plethora of EU programmes (for example, EERP, SET plan, NER 300, Europe INNOVA, Cohesion Fund).
However, is it not sinister that recipients should be told which economic policies they should choose and which they should discard? Surely donors have no right to instruct these new democracies as to which democratic choices they should make?
However, it also brought about massive de-industrialisation and a squandering of state assets.
However, it also provides several valuable insights into the future of cohesion policy.
However, it always adds that such policies should have 'particular focus upon development and strengthening of the internal market': in other words, it wants more neoliberal policies, more privatisations, more free competition, and more policies that favour the strongest over the weakest.
However, it becomes even more serious when these regions are situated in Member States, like Portugal, faced with an extremely serious economic and social crisis, which could shortly be exacerbated by the illegitimate intervention that the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and European Union are preparing.
However, it could also be a sign of hidden protectionism, and sometimes when I hear these speeches I feel that I can both hear and see this.
However, it does not prevent states or supranational organisations from increasing their economic relations beyond that common regulation.
However, it does not say, for instance, that the 'updated Community Customs Code' is far from being fully operational and still has some obvious gaps in it, especially in terms of the complete computerisation of the system, a much-needed measure.
However, it has given mixed results, as the aim of the Commission and the European right has been above all to facilitate cross-border trade, and not to harmonise upwards consumer protection.
However, it is a step in the right direction and it is worth noting that the lobbyists themselves, the reputable lobbyists, actually are in touch and are in favour of compulsory registration.
However, it is also absolutely our duty not to leave our producers high and dry when it is through no fault of their own that they have found themselves in this situation that threatens their very survival.
However, it is also essential to the European Union, and to its fishing fleets in particular. I agree with this proposal, for which I voted, but I think that catch control needs to be scientifically monitored, navigation control systems need to be modernised and wrecks need to be cleaned.
However, it is also necessary to minimise the disastrous consequences this is having on another group of innocent victims, namely, fruit and vegetable producers, as has been mentioned here today.
However, it is becoming ever clearer that we need to stop concentrating strictly on the markets and instead take a more holistic interest in people, which means protecting them, the rights of workers and the right to work.
However, it is both sad and regrettable that the Council representative has once again left the Chamber, because the fact that we have made so little progress in the interinstitutional working group on agencies is primarily the fault of the Council, which is holding back from working with us to introduce improvements in this area.
However, it is clear that there must be some measure of control, and I look forward to hearing details of the Commissioner's strategy in due course.
However, it is desirable for the future to achieve a system of registration that is obligatory 'de jure'.
However, it is essential that we should make numerous further advances, including in relation to the conditions under which prisoners are held and the question of individual standards of legal protection.
However, it is essential to put theory into practice, especially when it comes to mobilising enough financial resources through Union support programmes and measures to enable the monitoring of forests' ecological and phytosanitary state and, wherever necessary, their reclassification, including reforestation.
However, it is essential to safeguard the transparency of the EU institutions' actions so as to ultimately ensure their legitimacy and the thorough consideration of their scope, without misuse of power. I therefore welcome the conclusion of this agreement, which, by making the registration of all lobbyists wishing to enjoy permanent access to Parliament and the Commission de facto mandatory, marks a decisive step in strengthening transparency in the dialogue between the EU institutions and these representatives of civil society
However, it is extremely important that, when we talk about agriculture and the future of the CAP, 'simplification' and 'innovation' are the watchwords.
However, it is highly important that the labour force working for small and medium-sized enterprises be better qualified than at present.
However, it is important to have intelligent taxation, so that the ones paying are not transport SMEs, drivers and still less consumers, but large shippers and major customers such as the large-scale distribution sector.
However, it is incompatible, under EU law, with the new exclusive competence on foreign direct investment.
However, it is much more important to give our young people a European future in Lithuania.
However, it is not even going to be possible to safeguard these procedural rights, which we have already debated and which we are going to discuss as part of the package of procedural rights.
However, it is not that kind of policy which we are talking about, today, is it? This policy is a policy of reducing disparities - disparities will always exist, and there will be new disparities which we are not yet aware of today.
However, it is on the solutions to be found to improve its management and on the general ambition that some differences can be observed, in particular with the Member States, which I do not deny have historically had a certain sovereign responsibility.
However, it is precisely in these areas where the Member States, rather than the EU as a whole, can act, and where they know how best to respond to the educational challenges they face. I am concerned with a number of aspects of the reports we have discussed this morning, especially regarding the intrusion on Member States' subsidiarity in terms of educational targets and social policy.
However, it is precisely this point, extending the scope of the directive to include business dealings between companies, which was opposed by the majority of the Member States during the legislative process at the time.
However, it is still unacceptable that this agency, founded in 2006, has yet to meet the criteria of good administration.
However, it is very important that Member States in the Mediterranean region, together with third countries, continue to cooperate and coordinate their efforts.
However, it needs to be made clear who is to issue a warning and when, who is subsequently to take over responsibility for the warnings, and when the European Commission is to get involved.
However, it seems that it can offer, if not solutions, at least interesting food for thought: it appears obvious to me that training and education should be at the heart of the political priorities of today and of tomorrow.
However, it seems that these are bad times for Pakistan and that too many people are failing to face up to their responsibilities.
However, it should be just one of a series of essential steps towards greater transparency in the legislative process, which should apply to all three European institutions.
However, it should be stressed that the Court of Auditors has, once again, noted a high number of budget transfers in 2009 (49 in 2009, 52 in 2008 and 32 in 2007), so it is desirable that the EMSA improve its planning and monitoring to thus reduce the number of transfers.
However, it should not be regarded as a cure-all, because it also comes with a number of drawbacks.
However, it will also be brought more into line with the second pillar, support for sustainable development. I believe that the greening of the first pillar needs to be judged correctly, so that it does not add to the environmental requirements with which farmers are already seriously burdened.
However, it would be difficult to implement a 'one size fits all' approach. I think that we need to focus rather on establishing a common framework with clearly defined objectives and values.
However, just as important as what the accounts tell us is what they do not tell us about something that is extremely important for the EU's economy. A few days ago, Europol published a report on organised crime in the EU. It made shocking reading.
However, just as we remember the victims from the Baltic States, we also think of the Armenians, who were expelled from Turkey at the start of the last century.
However, knowing how poor the Member States' compliance with the export ban is, there are good reasons for the Commission also to closely monitor the Member States' actions with regard to WEEE and other legislation stipulating how this type of product should be dealt with.
However, knowing the controversy around written declarations, and the differing opinions about their usefulness, I would like to apologise to those Members who felt offended by our campaign, and to repeat the promise I made to the chair of my subcommittee, Mr Danjean: I promise not to start a written declaration again during this parliamentary term.
However, let me add a side comment on that point. I have rather grave reservations about the Museum of European History, in particular, not about the content of the project in itself, but about the costs associated with it. Obviously, it is good that we are going to have such a museum, but what disturbs me greatly about this is that, in this plenary chamber, we have never really had a serious debate about this project.
However, let us just note the successes: between 2005 and 2009, the arrest warrant has secured the extradition of almost 12 000 drug smugglers, child sex offenders, rapists and others.
However, like all other colleagues, I also support stress tests - as does the UK - and I think all Member States should give their commitment to those stress tests.
However, like other technologies, the practical results of the applications are inseparable from the economic and social context in which they occur, and from the ends and objectives they serve.
However, more needs to be done to make improvements in this area and it is for this reason that I supported this report.
However, not enough attention has been given to them equally, as indicated by mid-term evaluations of its implementation.
However, not only have some countries being failing to make this commitment, but in some countries, including Portugal, we have also seen divestment in this type of transport, which tends to increase following the process of liberalisation and privatisation.
However, obtaining a legal judgment is only part of the process.
However, obtaining a legal judgment is only part of the process: citizens and companies must have the right to ensure that these judgments are effectively enforced. A necessary component of effective enforcement is that the courts may, as an interim measure, act swiftly to order disclosure and freezing of the debtor's assets.
However, one can also say that Europe is our answer, as a 21st century continent, to the economic, environmental, financial and migration policy-related challenges in a globalised world.
However, our group has been traditionally opposed to that procedure for both, the form and the content.
However, our main criticism was that it was a measure focusing on a country affected by terrorism without naming this political agenda, and without embedding the measures in a set of measures concerning the political context.
However, particular attention should be paid to the future of the cohesion policy, which I consider to be a very important instrument and one which provides financial support for investments that drive economic growth and, above all, the creation of new jobs.
However, performing credible stress tests is the best way to calm the financial markets and to limit the influence of credit rating agencies and the negative effects of their decisions on the whole of our economy.
However, please accept, on the other hand, the fact that the stress test does not include an automatic mechanism for shutting down a power station simply because you have not been successful with your programmes in your Member States.
However, please note that we also do not want an independent European Globalisation Adjustment Fund.
However, problems arise here when the associated cuts in services only affect the citizens of Europe as taxpayers, only leaving services for military use untouched.
However, problems arising from the implementation of these solutions at Member State level may pose a threat to their effectiveness. I am therefore also hoping that the Member States which have not yet fully implemented these measures will make every effort to ensure that this process is completed as soon as possible.
However, regarding North Africa for instance, I must say that - as was just mentioned - what started in Tunisia was, among other things, triggered by the increase in food prices there.
However, sadly, some provisions miss the point. I would have welcomed it if the Council in particular had agreed on more objective solutions that were sympathetic to small businesses.
However, savings cannot be made at the expense of ordinary workers working in the European Parliament; their rights should be safeguarded at all times.
However, simply calling for action is too vague.
However, since credit rating agencies currently operate in an oligopoly, they benefit from an intrinsically 'guaranteed' market.
However, since this report makes very reasonable arguments in this regard, I voted in favour.
However, so-called reproductive rights, which is just another name for the right to abortion, are a priority component of the European human rights agenda.
However, some irregularities remain in the field of human resources, particularly in terms of staff selection procedures, which are thought to lack transparency. I therefore hope that the aforementioned Authority will strive to make improvements in this area.
However, some issues remain outstanding, in particular, the need to establish a plan to combat possible pressure from illegal migration. I therefore agree with the rapporteur that there is a need for the Member States in question to inform Parliament and the Council within a six-month period, beginning on the date of entry into force of this decision, on the implementation of these additional measures and progress with the shortcomings identified.
However, some of these fraudulent practices take place across national borders and are used in business transactions between different companies and, as things currently stand, it is difficult to prosecute the perpetrators.
However, some western German regions require European aid, as do parts of the United Kingdom.
However, structural funds should be used only within the Member States to which they have been allocated.
However, such an approach needs to respect the principle that financial assistance may not, under any circumstances, increase fishing effort.
However, such complicated administrative procedures are now no longer proportionate, particularly as another EU regulation imposes an obligation to indicate a product's country of origin in customs documents before it is released for free circulation in the EU market, and consumer protection is also currently being enhanced in the EU by increasing the amount of information provided to consumers.
However, such dialogue should not substitute but complement and reinforce Turkey's accession track.
However, taking into account the structural trend of oil price increases and, on the other hand, the demands of environmental sustainability, there is also a need for measures ensuring the medium- and long-term viability of the sector.
However, that must be the subject of proper legal proceedings.
However, that obviously should not exempt the European Commission from its duty to continue badgering Member States about this and to maintain pressure on the national security services so that these services actually investigate whether the plants are going to be prepared for those risks, too.
However, the Americans may find that Syria is a hard nut to crack.
However, the Commission has opted to introduce a measure which is simple, effective and timely and which will make it possible: (a) for manufacturers in the EU to sell tractors, overcome the current difficult economic crisis, find new resources for research and comply with the limits laid down by European law for environmental protection purposes; (b) for farmers to replace their oldest tractors with new ones whose engines will be less polluting. I support the compromise as the flexibility scheme could be increased provisionally and exclusively in Stage IIIB or to three years where no subsequent stage exist; for this period the level of flexibility could be maximum 37.50% .
However, the Commission has proposed to increase its commitment and payment appropriations, by 3.7% and 4.9% respectively, with a focus on expenditure related to the Europe 2020 strategy including the ESF, the lifelong learning programme, the Youth in Action programme, the seventh framework research programme and the competitiveness and innovation programmes.
However, the Council's report does not contain any possible approaches to resolving those conflicts and issues.
However, the EAW should be complemented with effective instruments for protecting defendants, with the presence of a lawyer and the right to translation, which Baroness Ludford has already tackled in her report, but also, and very crucially, the assessment of detention conditions in European prisons.
However, the ECR does not support the capping of payments to large farms or proposals to extend market intervention to other sectors.
However, the EU legislator seems to have intended that the concept of domestic servants be interpreted narrowly, so not all domestic servants under the Convention are excluded from the scope of the EU health and safety at work acquis.
However, the EU-Canada economic relationship has not yet reached its full potential and I feel that an EU-Canada free trade agreement can strongly contribute to developing and realising this by improving trade and investment flows while removing tariff peaks and unjustified non-tariff barriers and supporting closer cooperation, particularly in the fields of regulatory cooperation, labour mobility and recognition of qualifications. I welcome an agreement with Canada going beyond the WTO commitments and being complementary to multilateral rules, provided that the negotiations produce a balanced, ambitious, high-quality agreement that goes well beyond tariff reductions, and other tools begin to be applied.
However, the Euratom Treaty is primary law and, therefore, is not the concern of the Commission but of the Member States. A change to the Euratom Treaty requires unanimity. I can only say to anyone who has good proposals to make on this subject: do you really believe, given the variety of opinions and moods and the supporters and opponents of nuclear power, that we would be likely to achieve unanimity about the continuation of the Euratom Treaty? I do not believe that it is very likely.
However, the European Fisheries Fund must continue to support this sector in order to reduce fishermen's dependency on fossil fuels, to make its activity more efficient and provide it with innovative proposals that must give new opportunities to the maritime sector.
However, the European Parliament should be informed about the additional measures to be taken in the area between Bulgaria, Turkey and Greece in order to address a possible increase in immigration flows.
However, the European Union does not have a presence in Iraq or, to be precise, our diplomats there are so few that they are invisible or unable to make themselves visible.
However, the European leaders at that time demonstrated courage and farsightedness even when Bulgaria and Romania were not members of the European Union.
However, the German constitution does permit this, while also allowing a case to be taken to the German constitutional court in such questions.
However, the Parliament here in Strasbourg cannot control matters which fall within the remit of the nation states.
However, the Stalinist regime's genocide in occupied Eastern European countries, as well as in Russia itself, are still, in some modern political circles, considered to be a theme best not discussed, and even the European Union has not completely evaluated this issue.
However, the Westminster Government is looking into rolling out HGV charges in accordance with European law by 2015.
However, the agreement still needs to be improved as registration by actors is still on a voluntary basis, although a pre-requisite for obtaining access to the institutions.
However, the amount spent on research and development should not in any way reduce future budgetary plans for the European Union's current priorities, such as the common agricultural policy or cohesion policy, because they are fulfilling their role well.
However, the arbitrary creation of new projects and organisations to facilitate these goals runs counter to the budgetary realities evident across the EU.
However, the assessment of its activities has been positive.
However, the big challenge - which is addressed in this resolution - is how to convert warm words into useful deeds without just throwing money at SMEs - money that is not available in today's economy.
However, the binding nature of this system creates an additional administrative burden.
However, the choice made today strengthens the cooperation between the two parties, and promotes a partnership capable of developing sustainable fishing and of exploiting the resources of Seychelles in a balanced way.
However, the comprehensive economic and trade agreement should by no means diminish Europe's established and accepted certification parameters. I would like to believe that, as we approach the finish line, the European Commission will be up to the challenge of finding appropriate solutions to the remaining problems.
However, the content of this agreement is nothing new: the opening up of markets, and the liberalisation of services, including increasingly commercialised public services, which are at the mercy of the interests of multinationals, and cause trouble for the people.
However, the crisis has demonstrated the dangers created by the current system: the lack of competition and a lack of accountability and transparency of agencies in particular.
However, the crux of the matter - and probably the stumbling block - will be agreeing a figure that tallies with the policies described in the report.
However, the debate has only just become public, with the result that some Members do not yet feel they have been adequately informed. I will be happy to provide assistance with such discussions or requests for information. I consider the project to be necessary and useful, because people need to find out more about European development - otherwise there will be more and more Eurosceptics.
However, the decision which was so greatly expected has still not been forthcoming. I believe that the motive for this is completely political.
However, the decisions by the European Union have not only failed to convince the markets; in some cases, they have exacerbated the situation, such as the famous Deauville decision on the involvement of private individuals in the permanent support mechanism to be created in 2013.
However, the definition and provision of descriptive indicators and statistics that allow the development of economic and environmental factors to be monitored, along with possible interactions between these factors, is unquestionably a useful tool for supporting strategic planning, defining public policy and outlining ways towards sustainable development.
However, the development of a common framework of shared goals and values, including shared entitlements and structures, is more than recommended.
However, the directives proposed by the report also have problematic aspects that should not be underestimated.
However, the divergent European votes on Resolution 1973 of the United Nations Security Council highlight the enormous difficulties - I stress, enormous difficulties - involved in achieving an effective common security and defence policy.
However, the effects at international level are also worrying, because they will create a waiver in the World Trade Organisation (WTO), in a key sector for many developing countries.
However, the evaluation committee invited Bulgaria to adopt additional measures, including a special plan that includes measures to be applied at the moment of entry to the Schengen area, largely because they fear migration flows from Turkey.
However, the fact is that cities and their entire infrastructure are built by people.
However, the fact that this satellite navigation system has been set up in competition with the Global Positioning System (GPS) of the United States, on which the EU depends, and which is well known to be under military control, with financing from US federal military programmes, is worrying.
However, the fact that we do not have the Council's agreement in the dialogue on economic policy and that the European Parliament and the two sides of industry are involved in this is reducing our ability to become more integrated.
However, the framework for the proper functioning of the state is problematic.
However, the identity of the members of these advisory bodies, which meet behind closed doors, remains a closely guarded secret.
However, the issue that is still causing me concern is whether we really will obtain access to the Indian market for our enterprises.
However, the levying of this charge will remain a reality and will bring an increase in the existing costs for the outlying countries of the EU. These new provisions of the Eurovignette Directive will allow Member States to charge heavy goods vehicles an amount equal to the cost of noise and air pollution caused by traffic, in addition to the infrastructure charge, at the tolls.
However, the low allocation threshold of revenue to the trans-European transport networks (TENs) (15%) is regrettable.
However, the mid-term review revealed several areas that need to be developed.
However, the outcome of the parliamentary procedures and especially of the trialogues with the Council has provided us with a text that I personally consider unsatisfactory; sensitive parts and some important aspects of the text submitted by the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection have been removed by the Council, and overall the final text shows signs of a struggle between different basic approaches to the issue.
However, the package of measures being voted on today wrongly reflects the tendency of the current centre-right majority to view governance as a mere austerity exercise, by strengthening the preventive and corrective dimension of the Stability and Growth Pact without outlining mechanisms and instruments for supporting investment and development.
However, the position followed by the Commission in this file shall not be considered as a precedent.
However, the potential for economic cooperation is far from exhausted and I welcome the negotiations in relation to the CETA.
However, the problems that affect them, including poverty and social exclusion, unemployment, housing shortages, crime and drug consumption, are huge and require careful attention.
However, the proposal does not provide for a reduction as drastic as was initially envisaged on account of the delay in implementing new technological solutions and the decline of more than 20% in turnover in 2009 and 2010. I voted for the rapporteur's recommendations because I agree, not only that this directive will enable tractor sellers to respect European legislation whilst overcoming the current crisis, but that it will enable farmers to replace used tractors with new agricultural machines with engines that are more efficient and that cause less pollution.
However, the quantity of steel, aluminium and copper needed in Europe and in the rest of the world should, as far as possible, be manufactured here in Europe, at least if it is currently produced here.
However, the questions raised and my previous question to the Commission about the very high cost of this particular endeavour have remained unanswered.
However, the reality in this and in other sectors which have seen increased liberalisation, such as rail transport, belies these promises of benefits.
However, the recent financial crisis has highlighted that there are three key problems in the industry: lack of competition, over-reliance on external ratings in the regulatory framework and no liability for ratings by CRAs.
However, the recent past has demonstrated that, no matter the advantages this provides, the system has its drawbacks, too.
However, the report does not then make the correct inferences, limiting itself to questions of ethics in the behaviour of some people involved in the financial institutions and markets, as well as to creating a governance system which is effective and adequate in terms of risk management, compliance with regulations, and so on.
However, the report fundamentally emphasises the role of vocational training in promoting entrepreneurship and the need to 'create an environment where enterprises can succeed, develop and grow', adding that 'to grow, they need a reduced tax burden and predictability so they can plan and make investments'. It also believes that vocational training and lifelong learning must be geared more closely 'to the needs of the labour market and allow for entry into and mobility within it'. In other words, what the report does is put education and training fully at the beck and call of European capitalism.
However, the report includes a number of contradictions because it is founded on neoliberal ideas, defending the Internal Market and advocating EU patents, with which we disagree.
However, the report rightly highlights the belated completion of strategic and operational programmes, due to the difficult negotiating procedures; however, it also mentions - and this is an important point for Greece - that the EU needs to find ways of dealing with these delays when they arise due to scarce public resources available for cofinancing projects.
However, the report submitted by the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety relating to the Green Paper on forest protection and information introduces a rising tide of regulation, without acknowledging the importance of the forests as a job creator and an economic engine.
However, the repressive measures carried out by the Assad regime are intensifying and have already resulted, based on the figures supplied by the NGOs, in the murder of 600-700 civilians and the arrest or disappearance of another 8 000 people.
However, the resulting simplification of the processes will help to promote innovation within the industry.
However, the situation in Abyei must not make us forget the situation in Darfur.
However, the solution is primarily in the hands of the latter, as only they can reorganise and reform the national education systems and adjust them to the new socio-economic realities.
However, the stress tests that we are discussing were referred to as follows by the European Council on 24 and 25 March. I will read it in English, because that is the document I have.
However, the study by the Commission will not be carried out until 2013.
However, the task of this special committee was to find out how much money we need in order to be able to deal appropriately with the new political challenges faced.
However, the time when the West could assert its own interests without taking into consideration its partner nations and their people is long since past.
However, the urban dimension has up until now received insufficient recognition.
However, the values that Europe embodies - solidarity, tolerance, openness towards others, respect for minorities, respect for human rights and human dignity - have never been more deserving of support than in these times of globalisation, when the balance of power too often takes precedence over everything else. I am certain that if the people of Europe so wish, and if the Union overcomes division and populism, we will emerge stronger from the difficult times we are currently experiencing. I hope that the Heads of State or Government will promote this vision over any other view.
However, the version that was signed largely meets the expectations of the citizens, who are legitimately concerned about high levels of safety in Europe. I would like to explain once again, Mr Turmes, that if I had not signed the revised and, in my opinion, positive version of the test criteria, we would now have nothing.
However, the vision that has prevailed in the end is a right-wing vision in which protection of private investors is given priority over these objectives based on the general interest.
However, the way the mandate has been used has also led, as we have all said, to abuses and abusive practices: abusive practices when it is used for petty crime, and here I am not talking about the myriad farcical instances of thefts of bicycles, piglets and the like, and rather more serious abusive practices when there are disproportionate detentions, when innocent people are jailed and when the right to appeal these decisions is abused.
However, the way to overcome the objections and to pave the way for the acceptance and efficacy of the framework of the Eurovignette is to ensure, firstly, that the directive is applied strictly, transparently and quickly to all the Member States and, secondly, that all the revenue is channelled, as contributory resources, to transport infrastructures and is not used to plug well-publicised gaps.
However, their services are essential to our society, from infancy to help for elderly people.
However, there are also two clear and important 'no's'. 'No' to any splitting of this policy in different sectors and, finally, 'no' to the imposition of sanctions in connection with the Stability and Growth Pact.
However, there are imperfections in the functioning of the system: there is a possibility that its reputation and effectiveness may be undermined by news of its use for interrogations instead of charges and prosecutions in cases of petty crime.
However, there are indeed some reasons for concern, such as the shortcomings the Court has found with regard to procurement procedures, ex-ante checks of the European Commission's delegations and failing internal control systems in our partner countries.
However, there are new shortages of natural resources.
However, there are some concerns which the Commission needs to take into account: the environmental impact of extracting oil from tar sands and the health of workers mining asbestos are just two issues which need to be looked at carefully. I support calls for Canada to withdraw its WTO challenge on the EU's ban on seal products and am pleased that amendments outlining this position were adopted by Parliament.
However, there are some fundamental questions that are inescapable. I do not intend to repeat what has been said about the need to predict the consequences in the bilateral area, or about the fact that we should avoid the mistake of first defining free trade priorities and then moulding European industrial policy to these as a dependent variable, or that the question of making a contribution to sustainability must be taken into consideration.
However, there are still a few things that need to be taken into consideration and discussed.
However, there are still practical obstacles to mobility, especially for obtaining visas and medical papers in different languages, for transferring grants abroad, and for the recognition of qualifications gained in another Member State.
However, there are very many domains which can contribute to synergies or economies of scale: the European External Action Service, humanitarian aid and civil protection, pooling of resources in defence, research and innovation, major infrastructure projects (especially in the areas of energy and transport).
However, there is a lack of funds for the development of enterprise and technical and social infrastructure in rural areas, and this should be the role of cohesion policy.
However, there is a need for the European Commission to then take specific actions to respond positively to these problems.
However, there is a nice link that connects the two issues, because in relation to the migration issue, in particular Schengen, we also see the same principle at work, namely that one of Europe's major successes is now being called into question as a result of national egotism. I am sure that we have all seen the figures indicating that 18 000 refugees have arrived in Italy.
However, there is another aspect of the resolution with which we agree, specifically, the criticism of the lack of transparency with regard to the composition and work of the Commission's internal advisory committee on public procurement (ACPP) and the role and competences of the Advisory Committee on the Opening-Up of Public Procurement (CCO). We also support the call for the Commission to take steps to ensure that the composition of both this committee and the planned new advisory committee on public/private partnerships is balanced, including trade unionists and representatives of the business community, in particular, SMEs, and that they work in a transparent manner.
However, there is no need to be too rigid or extreme; incentives for the Member States are a good idea, too.
However, there is often a big gap between theory and reality, despite Parliament having been the first EU institution to deal with the phenomenon of the growing number of interest groups at European level and, in particular, with the consequences of this development for the legislative process.
However, there is room to develop a European framework with common coordination denominators, common objectives and values and common rights and structures.
However, there is still a need to create real Member State responsibility with regard to their role in the shared management of Union cohesion funds, whilst it remains essential to introduce a system for analysing the viability of data submitted by national agencies and a mandatory national management declarations system.
However, there is, in actual fact, a conflict between the World Health Organisation and the International Atomic Energy Agency, with the interests of the nuclear industry seeming to take priority over human health.
However, there should be no option for extending its use after this date.
However, there were different reactions to the details of this new vision.
However, these efforts must be significantly improved, given that Croatia continues to be one of the main routes for drug trafficking into the EU.
However, these people must also be imprisoned.
However, these solutions will not be worth very much if we do not at the same time support those European banks that are still not able to stand on their own feet.
However, these workers do deserve special protection. I am therefore in favour of adopting the International Labour Organisation (ILO) Convention, but I do not think it would be sensible to incorporate large parts of the convention into EU law.
However, they can in no way be a substitute for political debate and the legislator's democratic and legitimate decision-making process.
However, they can in no way be a substitute for political debate and the legislator's democratically legitimate decision-making process.
However, they can in no way be a substitute for the legislator's democratically legitimated decision-making process.
However, they must not just be promoted prior to a piece of legislation (ex ante), but also following its adoption (ex post). IAs must be independent and undertaken in a transparent and objective way.
However, this aspiration and potential are restricted by financial, bureaucratic and other kinds of obstacles. I fully support the report on the Innovation Union because I think that it will allow us to knock down the barriers preventing innovative thinking in the European Union.
However, this cannot be a pretext for putting the textile industry of several Member States, such as Portugal, at risk.
However, this clearly is not the case, because certain rights are interpreted differently from one Member State to another, such as the right to silence, or simply because certain procedures differ, such as the period of detention on remand.
However, this crisis has highlighted that the European system is not infallible and that we are extremely vulnerable.
However, this freedom sometimes raises issues that need to be cleared up and, above all, prepared for or prevented.
However, this important approach is liable, in many cases, to be frustrated by the considerable autonomy and strong competition existing between the various authorities in charge of managing each monofund programme.
However, this initiative needs to be combined with the report entitled 'An EU strategy for Youth', which was adopted by the European Parliament in 2010 and which seeks to set out a new, strong, European strategy for the next ten years, so that, when it comes to youth issues, Europe can develop a single policy framework.
However, this instrument must be intelligently designed, and must be such that it improves the current situation without leading to further waste of resources.
However, this is about segregation based on ethnic criteria, reducing the influence and undermining the authority of a state within its borders in favour of another neighbouring state, about breaking up territories belonging to one European Union Member State and annexing them to another Member State of the same European Union.
However, this is not reflected in the European Parliament amendments, and as a result of the consultation with WTO members, it might be necessary to subject a few more products to tariff rate quotas.
However, this may not be at the expense of rank-and-file workers in the Commission, as was suggested in Paragraph 81. I do not accept that workers should be forced to work longer as a result of cuts, regardless of who their employer is. Workers' rights should be guaranteed and defended.
However, this must not result in those countries and those farmers which already have very ambitious environmental programmes in the second pillar being discriminated against by this new approach. A solution needs to be found here that is fair to both sides.
However, this proposal will have to be amended during tomorrow's vote so as to ensure that the data collected are reliable and conducive to debate, and also, and above all, to ensure that all the Member States are involved in this approach.
However, this report has enabled us to verify that measures that can be taken within the framework of international trade probably cannot be dealt with as urgently as these acts require, so we should learn for the future.
However, this sector raises a number of issues which need to be clarified.
However, this should not distract us from dealing with the real problem of how best to cope with the migration of genuine asylum seekers from North Africa, who are or will be fleeing from war-torn countries.
However, this stage of learning has been minimally studied, and little importance has been attached to it in the context of education overall.
However, this suggested increase means that the next Multiannual Financial Framework (financial perspectives) 2014-2020 would represent just 1.11% of EU gross national income (GNI), as opposed to 1.06%, the sum projected for 2013.
However, this will not come about unless the Union and the Member States set out clear priorities, thus preventing the dispersal of funds and emphasising aspects whose pursuit is genuinely essential.
However, this year, the Union will be able to take advantage of its new 'super-observer' status, which confers special rights to speak during sessions. I voted in favour of this resolution because it is commensurate with the Union's new ambitions at international level.
However, those of us who are familiar with the Europol report OCTA 2011 on the subject of organised crime will be asking ourselves whether the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs is deaf and blind, and why on earth we indulge ourselves in Europol at all if we simply ignore its warnings.
However, three years after the conflict with Georgia, Russia is still not respecting the agreements of 12 August and 8 September 2008 relating to the withdrawal of its forces from the occupied Georgian provinces of South Ossetia and Abkhazia, and does not provide the European Union Monitoring Mission with free and total access to its territories.
However, to achieve this we need strong EU delegations, delegations which can assume those roles and tasks and ensure the quality of spending.
However, to be fully useful and effective, this will have to be followed by the genuine introduction of a new range of indicators as well as their effective and coherent political use, so that they are not turned into gimmicks but, well and truly, into genuine tools that help with decision making.
However, to claim, in this situation, that the cause is known, without having well-founded laboratory research to back it up, is negligent in the extreme.
However, to ensure that everything we think in this Chamber and all the European projects have a connection to Europe's population and each European citizen, and that all these projects have a future, the youth of today must believe in the European Union project, they must feel increasingly European and we must significantly increase our investments in culture, education and in youth projects and programmes.
However, to limit the duration even further to one year would erode the advantages of the autonomous trade preferences measure, and they would become meaningless.
However, together we should concentrate on the fact that the enemy is not in Spain or in Germany, but rather the real problem is the pathogen that we need to get under control and to combat.
However, trying to use common trade policy to express this solidarity might have undesirable repercussions for the future, both in this specific case and in others that could arise.
However, unfortunately, that approach is still unfeasible at this stage...
However, we all agree that spectrum is a very valuable resource and we need to recognise that talking about a digital single market also gives us the opportunity and the responsibility to think along cross-border lines - and, if there is one area in which we ought to think cross-border, it is spectrum policy.
However, we all know that, for Italy, 18 000 refugees is hardly an excessive burden, because twice as many refugees have been received in the last year in Belgium alone.
However, we also consider it important to mention that the current legal basis does not provide sufficient European solutions, because we do not have co-decision rights.
However, we also need to improve the business skills of our creative artists and to give them a sound media grounding in new technologies.
However, we also voted for it to return to the Commission, in the hope that it is still possible to take into account the position of the Portuguese Parliament, which adopted a resolution against these trade concessions.
However, we are also aware that in Brussels, for example, we are surrounded by more than 10 000 professional lobbyists, who do exactly what their job description suggests, namely attempting to exert influence on Members of Parliament and the Commission.
However, we are also producing a cultural landscape that can be seen, that provides recreational spaces for you all, for all of us, for our society, that provides jobs not just in agriculture but also in tourism and in many other areas.
However, we are aware that there will be developments in the fields of research and science.
However, we are concerned about some aspects, not least the principles guiding the European Research Area, since it should be focused on cooperation between genuine research and collaboration networks, reversing any trends towards concentration of scientific and human resources in the more developed countries and mitigating the currently existing inequalities in national research systems.
However, we are deeply concerned about the fact that we have passed the authority to set priorities over to the Council.
However, we are not really becoming sufficiently involved.
However, we are, of course, awaiting the Green Paper which the Commissioner has just mentioned with great interest.
However, we came to the view that we needed to look a little more into what was behind this case.
However, we cannot fail to point out some doubts that remain - arising from other fisheries partnership agreements - about the effectiveness of the stated objectives of cooperation on sustainable development in the sector for the third country in question, and on the sustainability and monitoring of their fishing activities.
However, we cannot forget that the area in question is one of the most sensitive parts of the EU's external borders in terms of illegal migration.
However, we cannot invent new criteria for joining the Schengen area and we cannot undermine the certainty that a state is part of that area as soon as current criteria are met.
However, we chose to reject the report (which was approved by 345 to 246 votes).
However, we currently risk being accused of protecting the leading figures from the previous government with a European political 'screen', including former Prime Minister Tymoshenko personally.
However, we do think that there is a need for a fundamental appraisal of cohesion policy going forward because, as more and more regions go above the 75% threshold, the policy is either going to become redundant or be reformed, and that is what we expect to happen.
However, we have also worked jointly to remove them again once the objective has been achieved.
However, we have not always been entirely successful in doing this in this report, which also explains why some of my fellow Members will be pressing the 'no' button, or perhaps the 'abstain' button, in tomorrow's vote, even though a large majority of our group supports the report.
However, we have now taken an important step forwards and we need to push on even further.
However, we have seen too many good intentions that have never improved life for working farmers.
However, we hope that they will be taken seriously if we want the Innovation Union programme to be one of the successes of the Europe 2020 strategy.
However, we in the European Parliament, together with the High Representative, need to ask a quite different question.
However, we just as surely need the Member States to give higher priority to this matter. I think the fact that the Member States are failing in their responsibility to check their compliance with EU legislation is a constantly recurring issue.
However, we know perfectly well that it is going to default anyway, so it has a choice of defaulting within the euro which merely kicks the problem down the road and it will return to bite us, or it can default outside the euro, in which case it can solve its problem.
However, we must be mindful of encroaching too much on European citizens as there are obvious personal privacy issues with such technology.
However, we must be totally realistic and propose specific working instruments which will allow the correlation of innovation efforts at European, national and regional level.
However, we must give Greece time to privatise those things that it is sensible to do so at a point in time when it will receive an adequate amount of money for them.
However, we must not fall into the trap of triumphalism and think that from now on, the EU will present a uniform standpoint in the forum of the United Nations.
However, we must not forget that exiting the crisis also has European aspects: the economic development plan; financial market regulations to prevent this crisis from recurring; the measures currently being discussed on economic governance in the European Union; EU measures which only make national measures more efficient.
However, we must not forget the need to ensure that domestic jobs - not all of which should be regarded as precarious and undervalued or underpaid - are indeed decent jobs.
However, we must remain realistic.
However, we must remember that transport firms, particularly during a crisis, will not be able to afford to change their fleets quickly and buy vehicles which comply with the Euro V and VI standards.
However, we must warn Russia, at the highest level, that it is unacceptable to strengthen influence in a neighbouring country by exploiting a situation and negotiating with an authoritarian regime that does not represent the people.
However, we need a strong common agricultural policy and strong agricultural assistance to achieve this goal. I therefore consider it important that pursuant to the report, the agricultural budget be maintained at least at the same level as in 2013 in the next EU financing period.
However, we need a three-pronged approach involving leading, pooling and sharing.
However, we need to do more work, we need to ensure that the transparency and integrity of the work of lobbyists at the EU level is of the highest.
However, we only need to look at the heated discussions around the reversed qualified majority voting system to see how far we still have to go, when it is rules and automatic sanctions we should be talking about.
However, we see that we are being blamed for things which go beyond our responsibilities.
However, we should bear in mind the fact that, even if we use ex ante and ex post control mechanisms to assess the impact of third-country imports on the European market, the European Union has not yet been able to adopt a control mechanism based on fair and important information for consumers such as that provided by origin marking. I hope that the Council, too, will quickly come to a positive conclusion on the decisive steps taken by this House towards ensuring traceability and adequate information on products.
However, we should not only focus on sustainable development but also consider the extraction of resources which pose a risk to life and health such as asbestos, the use and extraction of which is banned in Europe.
However, we still have a lot to do to make life easier for SMEs with respect to the red tape they are faced with and access to funding that is often difficult.
However, we will also need public participation across national borders.
However, we will continue to advocate the maintenance of a system of milk-production quotas as an essential condition for defending producers in the countries that are more sensitive, the maintenance of planting rights in the wine sector, and the maintenance of subsidies for potable alcohol distillation and crisis distillation.
However, we would do well to discuss these issues with a clearer idea of how much this new policy will cost, what effects it will have on general cohesion policy, and how we are going to distribute the resources in the context of the reform of the financial perspective from here to 2020.
However, we would like to point out that we do not believe it to be necessary to continue to provide EU support for the school fruit programme and the aid for deprived persons programme, as we believe that it is better for the measures that these programmes entail to be taken at national level.
However, what is the situation in Pakistan at the moment? Although Bin Laden is out of the equation, the question that has arisen in recent days as to the extent to which representatives of the Pakistani Government were aware of who was hiding in their country remains.
However, what needs to be done above all is for the European Parliament to stake its claim to competence to decide on the issue alongside the Council. I would therefore remind you that the proposal that the procedure invoke the legal basis of Article 70, which excludes Parliament, is unacceptable: we demand Article 77.
However, what the rapporteur, the shadow rapporteurs and my predecessor, Mrs Joly, have now presented is something that we are able to accept and also support.
However, what this tool was never intended for was to investigate and punish petty crimes such as the theft of a pig, stealing a chocolate bar or exceeding a bank overdraft limit.
However, what we in the Committee on Regional Development are calling for is for this single framework and coordination not to be confined to the policy planning stage but to be extended to cover all policy-making stages: planning, implementation and payments, auditing and evaluation.
However, when I look at how the political will has been lacking, how the corporate interests have interfered and how the WTO has procrastinated, what I see before us are recommendations that dilute the original proposals put forward at such short notice by the Commission.
However, when it comes to generating European added value, as we have done in many areas, we need to work together to develop this because, when they go it alone, the national states are weaker in the face of international competition.
However, when something is good it is not necessarily enough.
However, when the EU calls for key data from the Member States, it should not baulk at sensitive issues. I am thinking here of nuclear policy, genetic engineering, adequate origin labelling of foodstuffs and, not least, an investigation with regard to the recent EHEC cucumber scandal.
However, when we talk about a 'gentlemen's agreement' between the Council and Parliament, I have to say that, if there is such an agreement, please can we see it. The Council has the chance to read it out today, if such an agreement exists.
However, while listening to you, I wondered if I should actually speak. I must complement you: I think Parliament has reason to be proud of the action by the whole of the European Union and of the way in which this Sudanese affair has been conducted, and like the Sudanese people, I am keeping my fingers firmly crossed that this will continue into independence and beyond.
However, while we are essentially appealing to the Member States to construct this role of the Union, we are also appealing to your commitment to put your capacity for political initiative and your services to work in order to raise the level of the European Union's external representation and rationalise it.
However, with regard to justice, the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament also has a responsibility towards Mr Papandreou and his government.
However, with regard to this matter, we must always take into account the performance level that we want to see in the future, on the one hand, for the first generation network and, on the other, for the cable operators and everyone else with an interest in the spectrum, particularly the blue light organisations.
However, worryingly, concern was expressed over the findings of the Court of Auditors as regards the lack of transparency in recruitment procedures and the intervention of the European Anti-Fraud Office (OLAF), which has opened an inquiry (OF/2009/0370). All deficiencies must be overcome in order to achieve greater transparency and to eliminate any uncertainty concerning the work of the European Training Foundation.
However, you can only ever be as effective as the Member States will allow you to be and, of course, you are reluctant to use your own powers of initiative - an approach which I fully support.
However, you must know that I need the approval of the European Commission - which I already have - and the national regulators - which I intend to obtain. I need to get approval for the test criteria of the stress tests from each national regulator, including our very competent and esteemed colleagues in Paris, London, Madrid and Brussels, where opinion is still inconclusive, although there is a feeling that there is little to be gained by taking matters to a European level.
Howver, I realise that there are still questions to be answered, since the Council of Ministers represents the states. I am, however, confident that we will come to a positive conclusion.
Huge importance is attached to a pragmatic system of internships which will allow everyone to earn a decent wage and access social insurance, so that they do not replace real jobs.
Human rights and democracy are cornerstones in our cooperation with Azerbaijan under the existing partnership and cooperation agreement.
Human rights should be respected, and cultural arguments can never be used to justify violations of human rights. I would recommend that colleagues read the report. I think that this debate shows that we need many more discussions on culture in the EU.
Human rights, democracy, this hard core: this is what we must promote more vigorously in European foreign policy, instead of looking at things purely from the perspective of the economy.
Humanitarian principles and the desire for global balance provide plausible grounds for this.
Hundreds of thousands of people lost their lives, and many bear the consequences of the radiation to this day in the form of disease and death through cancer. I am delighted that the European Parliament is addressing the question of nuclear safety today and that this is a key point, but another key point is that without nuclear energy we cannot, unfortunately, get by at all.
Hungarian civil society and the Venice Commission have expressed serious concerns regarding the duration and transparency of the process.
Hungarians also have the right to adopt a constitution which makes no mention of an ombudsman or a personal data representative.
Hungary is maintaining all her international legal obligations and commitments and, in fact, this is clearly stated in the text of the constitution, and if it were not the case, then the Commission would take it to the Court of Justice in Luxembourg to challenge it in a formal procedure; but we all know in this Chamber that this is not the case.
Hungary, Latvia, Romania, outside the euro area, Ireland, Spain, Portugal, the United Kingdom and Greece too, apart from a break of four years, when our lot were in. In other words, your economic model does not work.
Hungary, which was the first country in the world to be the subject of a coordinated action to resettle its refugees in 1956, has very particular responsibilities - historical responsibilities - to act on this refugee crisis as well.
I abstained from the vote because I have doubts about the long-term impact that the directives proposed in the report will have on the Member States' national economies.
I abstained from this vote. I supported the accompanying Ferreira report, but was unable to support this report as I strongly oppose the programme of crippling austerity measures which is being driven through the European Union by the centre-right.
I abstained in the vote, as I believe that there has been no discussion of how to bring about mutual recognition of qualifications obtained through qualitatively differing methods of education and training.
I abstained on the Eurovignette vote today. I abstained because, in the case of Catalonia, what is proposed would penalise a lot of small and medium enterprises that do not have the option of putting goods and products on trains - in particular, because of the difference of gauge, which constitutes a physical barrier to completion of the Internal Market - and would damage their business greatly.
I abstained when voting on this report, despite the critical look it takes at European policies, particularly those carried out by the Member States, aimed at young people.
I addressed the question of the functional overlap between two agencies - the ETF and Cedefop - in my introductory speech, but I would like to stress again that the contribution of these agencies can be crucial, especially in the context of increasing employment in line with the 2020 objectives.
I admit that the Commission has acted swiftly and effectively by proposing a package of measures, which obviously needed to be discussed and rebalanced so that they did not penalise a European sector that has already been tested by the crisis.
I advocate that we continue along this path. I believe that Parliament can make a great contribution towards raising the Commission to another level. I wish Mr Fjellner all the best and would like to extend my warm thanks to my parliamentary staff, particularly Bent Adamsen and Dominykas Mordas.
I agree about the terrible violence in Syria. I am not in any way lacking in ambition for what we should do with Syria.
I agree that we should never forget the Chernobyl disaster.
I agree with Mario Monti, who said that excessive deference to large Member States contributed somewhat to the current economic crisis, and our proposals might at least stop that happening in the future. I just hope it is not a case of closing the stable door after the horse has bolted.
I agree with all the points made by the report: it is important that the Member States and the Union should shoulder responsibility for measures to support children's early learning, but they must claim a role that cannot be solely delegated to parents, or to those who work in the education sector.
I agree with all those parliamentarians who have underlined the problem of prison conditions in Europe. I would like to tell them that next week, the Commission will adopt a Green Paper on detention.
I agree with extending the scope of the proposal for a regulation on the professional cross-border transport of euro cash by road between euro area Member States to the territory of Member States that are about to introduce the euro.
I agree with the European Parliament's call for the Commission to draft a European handbook on multi-level governance and encourage the Member States to follow it, taking into account specific local and regional objectives, to extend the application of cohesion policy governance measures (that is, programming, funding and implementation on the basis of national, regional and local partnership) and to apply them to funds that will be included in the planned common strategic framework, in order to ensure greater public expenditure efficiency.
I agree with the amendments to the proposal initially tabled by the Commission, which were supported by a broad majority in the European Parliament. I would argue that it is important to take into account the experience acquired during the years when the old SGP existed, along with the fact that economic governance has become more democratic through the European Parliament's involvement throughout the entire surveillance process. I therefore voted for this report.
I agree with the main political message of the preliminary report, which maintains that the EU budget has a crucial role to play in helping the Member States recover from the economic and social crisis, in the sense of promoting growth and jobs.
I agree with the measures and good practice proposed by Mr Mikolášik, and I believe that the proposal for broader application of core indicators is a particularly useful one, as is the preparation of reports on the results and synergies between national policies and European Union policies.
I agree with the perspective which was adopted by the G8. I think it is in our common interest to have not only open societies but open economies.
I agree with the rapporteur that overall responsibility for the ENPI should be returned to the Regional Development DG and that the cross-border cooperation programmes should be implemented in a framework similar to that for the Interreg programmes.
I agree with the report that Member States should make use of the structural funds to support research, development and innovation (R&D&I) objectives that target social challenges, with the aim of increasing prosperity in Europe.
I agree with what Mr Daul said about neighbourhood terrorism and the Middle East peace process as being some of the key objectives that we have in terms of the work we do this year.
I agree with you that the technical side of the story has worked.
I agreed with this document because the Treaty of Lisbon, which entered into force on 1 December 2009, extended the circumstances in which Parliament's consent was required for the conclusion of an international agreement.
I also accept that Russia has economic interests in the former Soviet republics, some of which are now - thankfully - gravitating away from Moscow towards the EU. However, the EU should continue to insist that it will support and engage with these now-independent countries such as Ukraine, and make sure that the door is left open to them in terms of Euro-Atlantic aspirations.
I also agree with Mr De Gucht. I am very pleased that he is supporting the proposal negotiated by the committee, because it really is a very good compromise between various standpoints: a compromise between the Commission's standpoint, on the one hand, and the opinions presented by the Member States, and, on the other, it is compatible with investors' interests, but most of all, it opens up good prospects for the Union's investment policy in the future, serving the Union as a whole.
I also appeal from this Chamber to the football authorities in Romania to reverse this decision and allow Politehnica Timişoara to remain in top-flight Romanian and European football.
I also believe that a new International Labour Organisation convention and recommendation could be of significant help and should be adopted, if possible, at the 100th International Labour conference.
I also believe that it is very important to improve the efficiency of the EU's administrative expenditure, and one way of doing this is to increase the transparency of the process for distributing and using this expenditure.
I also consider it very important to support lifelong learning and activities that are not just for young people. I would definitely like to emphasise equal opportunities for all, not only in terms of gender equality, but also for disabled or otherwise disadvantaged people.
I also fully concur with the need to ensure coherence and complementarity between the various instruments which currently exist for supporting research, development and innovation.
I also have to say that at this time, in the wake of the Fukushima accident, our work has been extremely difficult and I am pleased that, despite these difficult times, the text adopted by the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy (ITRE) has been prepared to an adequate standard and that we did not get carried away with ideological debates.
I also highly appreciate the outstanding role played by State Secretary András Kármán, who represented the Hungarian Presidency with such skill and determination.
I also hope that you will soon argue the case with the agriculture ministers for an emergency fund, to be paid for from the surplus still available in the agriculture budget.
I also regret that India has been less than supportive in the WTO but I hope, as Mr Rinaldi mentioned, that the so-called cricket diplomacy is going to lead to a solution and that India will recognise that, both on humanitarian grounds and in the interests of security, it is important to help Pakistan create jobs and investment in the future.
I also requested that the Commission should present a report to Parliament and the Council, no later than five years after this regulation enters into force, on the situation regarding re-examination of existing bilateral agreements, relating in particular to the number of bilateral agreements that the different Member States may have renegotiated.
I also see problems in the formulation of Section D. There is talk here of a single Hungarian nation, of collective rights, of support for their self-rule in other countries on the principle of ethnicity, on the responsibility of Hungary for all Hungarians.
I also sense that there is broad support - maybe not full but broad support - for Mrs Lagarde, who has already been endorsed by the EU Member States and by the Commission as their candidate for Managing Director of the IMF.
I also supported the raising of the retirement age for MEPs from 60 to 63. I feel that representatives enforcing a slashing of living standards for workers should at the very least accept that their privileges undergo the same treatment.
I also think it is vital that greater importance is attached to the development of research at regional level by encouraging multi-level partnerships and supporting the drafting of methodological guides or guidelines for this purpose.
I also think that the communication on this matter has been chaotic.
I also voted in favour because, although it should strengthen the planning and monitoring of budget processes, I agree that the EFSA needs to ensure that its advice is of a high quality and is independent, in order to guarantee compliance with Union safety standards, scientific excellence and independence on all matters with a direct or indirect impact on food and feed safety, and plant protection.
I also want to emphasise the importance of intellectual property rights (IPR), in particular, for actors.
I also want to mention Mr Stavrakakis and one of his reports about the Council. I am now addressing directly the President-in-Office of the Council, the Hungarian Presidency. I find it unbelievable that the Council, which has always demanded that others act transparently, has obviously been much more reserved when it comes to itself.
I also want to put a question to all the Members of this Parliament: can you say that this economic governance package is worse today than when it arrived here? Can you say that no improvements have been made to it by this House? You cannot say that, because it is not true.
I also want to say that I am very happy to support the amendments from the Green Group where they talk about the inclusion of au pairs and undeclared work, but come forward with practical suggestions to ensure we are proactive in ensuring access to the open labour market for domestic workers.
I also want to say that I do not consider a flotilla to be the right response to the humanitarian situation in Gaza. I have been there twice. I continue to highlight the plight of the people, especially asking for more access to enable the economy to start to develop.
I also wanted to draw your attention to what happened during the hearing with Mervyn King and Andrea Enria, whose very determined action we applaud.
I also wanted to make some reference to what Mr Bisky said when he talked about the poorest in the world: 'support life with dignity' was his expression. I think what we do with the Millennium Development Goals and the work that we are doing in collaboration in bringing development together is going to be so important for that in the future.
I also welcome the fact that the new protocol includes a suspension clause in case of human rights violations.
I also witnessed the major expectations of the people who decided on the liberation of their country from bondage.
I am also celebrating, Baroness Ashton, the fact that the European Union's voice in the United Nations General Assembly was finally strengthened in New York last week as the result of a vote that received widespread support. I congratulate you on that, given that last year's disaster raised worrying questions about the future role of the Union in the world and in international organisations.
I am also in agreement with many of the honourable Members that, after the hard work of negotiations, we have to get the deal done. I am optimistic because, here in this House, I feel a commitment and a real sense of ownership towards the future of Europe.
I am also pleased that we have been able to strengthen consumer rights and have included so-called door-to-door selling, because a lot of shady practices are to be found there.
I am appalled that the EU is seeking to implement a device to proffer national packages at Union level by majority voting, undermining the ability of individual Member States to gain or maintain advantages that may substantially support domestic economies. I would like to ask the Commission whether it actually recognises pacta sunt servanda in international law.
I am baffled by the emphasis placed on the need to increase the power and resources of common actions and the European Defence Agency: given the precedents, I would not like that, too, to become a useless bureaucratic machine that is an end in itself, and its actions to become totally ineffective.
I am calling for a little more flexibility for the Member States. I am also calling for the Commission to analyse my request thoroughly and to understand the concerns of an entire sector, which must be preserved and developed.
I am calling publicly on our High Representative, Catherine Ashton. I have already written to her to ask her to make every effort to intervene on behalf of those medics who simply did what medical personnel do - try to save lives.
I am certain that the European Qualifications Framework, the European system of academic units for vocational education and training, transparency and cooperation and comparability of the various education systems will support the needs ...
I am concerned about the ineptitude of our government, but the silence of the European institutions is also striking, as if they did not want to see this violation of European law by the country holding the Presidency.
I am concerned that the current budgetary constraints imposed on Member States may lead to greater restrictions on investment in research and innovation, with obvious negative effects on European growth and competitiveness. I therefore call on the Commission to consider leveraging the resources of the common strategic framework for funding these sectors, particularly the research and innovation sectors of the European Union.
I am concerned that, more than a year after the Treaty of Lisbon entered into effect, there are still no clear signs of a comprehensive EU approach to foreign and security policy, within the framework of which it would be possible to overcome the traditional procedural and institutional barriers restricting the EU's ability to act. I am concerned about the unwillingness of EU Member States to define a common position on the crisis in Libya, or on UN Security Council Resolution 1973 and how to implement it. Ideas about creating ad hoc coalitions of countries as possible substitutes for a common security and defence policy are dangerous, in my opinion, as no European state in the 21st century has a real chance of being a significant player in the area of security and defence. I would like to point out in this context that the Treaty of Lisbon provides the possibility of entrusting the implementation of crisis-resolution operations to a group of Member States, although only within the framework of a Council decision defining the objectives, scope and terms of their implementation. A common response to the developments in Libya is essential to the creation of a new and credible approach to the Neighbourhood Policy with southern countries.
I am confident that the objectives of both Parliament and the Council are the same, namely to strengthen the economic governance of the EU and the euro area, prevent future crises and build a stronger framework for economic governance in the euro area and the EU as a whole.
I am convinced that Georgia is an example to Caucasian region countries, and I have no fear in saying that this country can serve as an example to some EU Member States that currently lack the political courage to carry out reforms that would pave the way to growth and modernisation.
I am convinced that actions to promote the use of EGNOS and Galileo in civil aviation are crucial for implementation of the Single European Sky ATM Research programme.
I am convinced that the Commission should take steps to promote programmes among interested Europeans while catering for the needs of beneficiaries from new acceding countries.
I am convinced that the European Union needs harmonised guidelines which enable Member States to make charges for external costs created by the road transport sector.
I am convinced that the sustainable management of forests is essential if we are to maintain the capacity of the Union's forests to fulfil their economic, ecological and social functions.
I am delighted that my amendment, which 'takes note of the recent legal developments regarding the EU's ban on seal products, in particular, Canada's request to the WTO for the establishment of a formal dispute resolution panel, and expresses its strong hope that Canada will withdraw the WTO challenge, which runs counter to positive trade relations, prior to the need for ratification of the CETA agreement by the European Parliament', was carried.
I am delighted that the report voted today stipulates that impact assessments be carried out totally independently; that impact assessments take a larger range of criteria into account (socio-economic, environmental, etc.); and also that the highest transparency be guaranteed, especially where experts are involved.
I am delighted that this report has been adopted, since most of our ideas (climate, social cohesion, integrated and bottom-up approach, disadvantaged neighbourhoods, cross-funding and so on) are included.
I am delighted to learn that the new common agricultural policy will end the period of discrimination against farmers in certain Member States, including my own. I would like to thank the rapporteur for his work, which is clearly the work of an author who understands the issues involved. I am all the more alarmed by the attempt to establish new discriminatory conditions.
I am disappointed that this report has passed through Parliament. I was unable to support it because, as a response to a Commission Green Paper, it ruled out far too many options for the future of an EU contract law and neglected a duty to request an impact assessment on the full costs and implications of each of the Commission's options.
I am disappointed, however, that the Council has not signed up to the proposal.
I am encouraged by the approach of the Vice-President of the Commission/High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy: realising that what counts, in addition to statements, are actions. I would like to remind you, Baroness Ashton, of Joseph Daul's advice: do not be afraid, and you will have the support of this Parliament.
I am encouraged to see also India making real headway in trying to deal with a variety of issues including particularly non-tariff barriers.
I am especially delighted that in this text, we called for abolition of the discriminations linked to age, regarding access to the social protection scheme. I am asking for it here and, of course, I think that the minimum income scheme is a key element in guaranteeing young people's autonomy.
I am familiar with the issues of pollution mentioned in this report and I take them very seriously, but additional charges for air and noise pollution are not the answer.
I am glad that the European Parliament has endorsed that proposal in Mr Dess's report.
I am glad the EP welcomes the peaceful and credible conduct of both Sudan and South Sudan in the 2011 Southern Sudan Referendum, the efforts by all parties to the CPA and the commitment they have demonstrated to it; views this as a crucial step in implementing the CPA and as a positive sign for the peaceful coexistence of both countries; reiterates its full respect for the outcome of the referendum as the expression of the democratic will of the people of South Sudan; calls on both North and South Sudan actively to pursue the promotion of democratic governance and the establishment of long-term peace, security and prosperity for both countries, with respect for human, social and economic rights; calls on the South Sudan authorities to promote the development of South Sudan as a modern, pluralistic, democratic state based on the rule of law and respecting human rights, in particular, women's and children's rights, and the primacy of the right of citizens to choose their government through regular free elections, with protection of freedom of movement, freedom of association and freedom to express one's political views enshrined in both constitution and law.
I am glad to hear in the discussion confirmation of the Commission's objectives in this exercise to bring the EGF into the next financial perspective as a stronger and more effective instrument to support workers who have been made redundant.
I am grateful for the interest you have shown in the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund.
I am grateful to Mr Mauro for that apt intervention ... (Mr Borghezio speaks without a microphone). I believe that the whole of this House shares the disappointment and the profound bitterness at the decisions that have been taken, and therefore I can only repeat what Parliament has already made clear on this issue on at least two occasions.
I am happy to say that the report we are presenting here today has emerged from extremely good cooperation with the shadow rapporteurs, Ms Trautmann, Mr Rohde, Mr Chichester and Mr Lamberts, who have supported the proposal. I am very grateful for this because we are discussing today a proposal that can enable Europe to recover the lead in mobile telephony, mobile Internet and modern information technology.
I am happy to see that this approach is high on the agenda of the ongoing discussions and the proposals which are on the table really match the Commission's ambitions.
I am in agreement with the Merkies report because I strongly believe that innovation and creativity are key to the economic recovery of the Union and that the importance of converting the Union's scientific technological breakthroughs into new goods and services cannot be overstated.
I am in favour of Romania and Bulgaria joining the Schengen area. A detailed and objective assessment of both countries' compliance with the Schengen acquis has been completed.
I am in favour of consenting to the European Union's participation in the Agreement on the Protection and Sustainable Development of the Prespa Park Area entered into by Greece, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and Albania. I take this view because the park is a natural area of international importance, owing to its geomorphology, ecology, biodiversity and cultural significance. I also support the objectives and the principles outlined in the agreement, which are based on the sustainable use of natural resources, a focus on the conservation of ecosystems and biodiversity, and the prevention, control and reduction of water pollution in the Prespa Lakes.
I am in favour of opening an office of the kind you have described in Libya, because you as High Representative, the Union itself, and Parliament as an independent body, all have credibility in humanitarian and political terms.
I am in favour of repealing the Council regulation on proof of origin for certain textile products as I believe that efforts need to be made to simplify the existing legislation in order to create a clearer legislative environment for businesses. I should, however, add that I consider it important to maintain alternative controlling mechanisms for imports of such products into the EU, in order to avoid market disruption caused by increases in such imports.
I am in favour of the report because forests, which cover more than 42% of the EU's surface area, provide a livelihood for many workers and businesses in the forestry sector. A framework of Commission guidelines should be established; binding sustainability criteria should be introduced, including mandatory national forestry programmes; payment for ecosystem services should be formalised; and forest protection policies should be strengthened by reintroducing the fire prevention regulation.
I am in favour of this own-initiative report since it deals with promoting corporate social responsibility as a voluntary motivational tool designed to stimulate business growth.
I am inspired by the excellent speech made by Mrs Hübner, the chair of our committee, and by an excellent report from Mr Theurer on the lessons from absorption capacity. I would therefore like to ask you, Commissioner, from the European perspective of the future funding cycle, how Romania, the country with the lowest absorption rate, can commit to a so-called administrative reform which has nothing to do with the regional reform, without there being any impact study, without at least going through the motions of consultations with the Directorate General for Regional Policy, which found out about this project in the press, and without having consultations with political actors, local actors and civil society, thereby jeopardising the whole project's stability and predictability.
I am not questioning the strategic importance of these projects, but I cannot fail to highlight that they have been falling short of expectations. I agree that, as both Galileo and the European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service (EGNOS) are European programmes and are in the common public interest of the Union, they should, overall, be financed through the EU budget, but I think that other possible sources should be weighed up, including innovative forms of financing.
I am not taking the same attitude as others here who believe that countries like Greece, Ireland and Portugal did everything right: that they made no mistakes and did not go too far; that they did everything right and it was only the international crisis that caused problems.
I am not unaware of the many problems that a radical revision of the Union's current system of institutional representation in multilateral international bodies would lead to, in particular, as regards potentially strengthening the EU's position in the UN. The House's insistence on the need for a comprehensive review of the UN Security Council and the need to make it more legitimate, representative of regions and effective by assigning the Union a permanent seat therefore remains an objective that will be hard to achieve in the short term.
I am now going to explain the position of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe.
I am now pleased to turn to today's second subject, which has also already been addressed by Mr Zver, namely, the subject of Youth on the Move, which, of course, is a flagship initiative of the Europe 2020 strategy.
I am particularly satisfied with Commissioner Cioloș's announcement that all possibilities will be explored also within the first pillar to draw young people into agriculture.
I am pleased that Parliament's first report drafted after the Commission communication features very many guiding principles in common with the latter document.
I am pleased that the Commission, at least, is prepared to present an impactsassessment by September 2013, which, apart from country of origin, will also focus on harmonised methods for treating products, size labelling, and the inclusion of information on hazardous substances, allergens, flammability and so on. It remains to be seen whether this will have any effect in two years' time on the Council, which protects the interests of businesses importing textiles from third countries more than it protects European producers and consumers.
I am pleased that the Commissioner has met Parliament half way on these three points, and I look forward to being able to work closely with Commissioner Šemeta next year as rapporteur. I would like to thank Mr Chatzimarkakis. I will try to carry on your work well during the next year.
I am pleased that the committee has approved the report, after much deliberation, and I know, through colleagues from right across the committee, the painstaking work that was done to try and come forward with something that was acceptable.
I am pleased that the report on the cultural dimensions of the EU's external actions, which affirms that culture must be at the heart of European diplomacy, has been adopted.
I am pleased that you fundamentally agree with the concept of the European legal framework and that you support our proposals on the responsibility for the national programmes, on clear working, timing and financial requirements, on information and on the full involvement of the general public at an early stage in every national implementation process.
I am pleased that, as part of the Europe 2020 strategy, we are focusing particular attention on young people, given the demographic challenges which our continent has to face.
I am pleased to be one of those signing this resolution, which reaffirms the importance of respect for democracy and human rights in relations between the European Union and Russia.
I am pleased to say that our new government yesterday announced measures to help SMEs which were broadly welcomed by the business community today - measures relating to VAT, PRSI, travel tax and internships.
I am pleased to see that our Green Paper has sparked, in Europe and within the European institutions, a very rich debate on the right environment to put in place to meet the specific needs of creating entrepreneurship in order to seize the new opportunities offered by globalisation, digitisation and cultural diversity. I am firmly convinced that our joint efforts will help to create a better environment in which these vital industries can play an important role in the discussions on EU funding mechanisms post-2013 and implementation of the Europe 2020 strategy.
I am pleased to see that the report stresses the importance of closer links between direct payments and conservation of natural resources. I want to establish an effective, pan-European instrument that achieves the objective of simplifying the direct payment system. I am a strong advocate of decoupling direct payments, which has proved beneficial in helping farmers to adapt better to market conditions.
I am pleased to see that, after years of negotiations, agreement between the different political groups has finally been reached and that the new Consumer Rights Directive has finally been adopted today.
I am positive that the Commission report will assess the effects of a possible system for designating origin, so that the legislators can make a sound decision at a future point.
I am really puzzled by the fact that only two Member States, Italy and Lithuania, insisted in the Council on including origin marking, and I wonder what interest the other European countries have in not protecting their own businesses in this way, since they are thus left more exposed to problems of unfair competition and counterfeiting.
I am really very disappointed about what has happened to our resolution and I very much regret that we have allowed ourselves to be carried away by our emotions.
I am referring, in this sense, more to the Member States than to yourself, in the call to construct the role of the European Union in a more structured multilateral world order and to draft a real EU foreign policy, setting aside any renationalising tendencies and temptations that are appearing in a number of our Member States.
I am saying this, therefore, to thank all those people.
I am sorry if there is a false impression about the Commission's views on Schengen. I do not think I have spoken about anything other than Schengen for the last month! I have emphasised how important Schengen is, what a gift it is to the European Union and that we must strengthen it and not weaken it.
I am sure that the Commissioner will agree that these are exactly the kind of figures that will help to stimulate the economy and create jobs, not only throughout the United Kingdom, but also in India.
I am sure that the European Union will have to play an important role in the fight against poverty and in the revitalisation of Sudan's economy. I would therefore like to stress the importance of maintaining the Union's humanitarian aid to Sudan and to South Sudan.
I am sure that with Parliament's strengthened role under the Treaty of Lisbon we will be able to translate these goals, which for now are merely theoretical, into concrete actions.
I am the grandson of a German and feel deep affection for that country, but the German authorities have clearly acted hastily and rashly in this particular case.
I am therefore in favour of a regulation that enhances the uniformity of the rules for European textile imports by aligning them with those for other industrial goods.
I am therefore in favour of the creation of additional indicators for measuring medium- and long-term social and economic progress, for example, indicators that take account of climate change, biodiversity, resource efficiency and social inclusion.
I am therefore pleased that the European Parliament has managed to initiate specific legislative measures, such as greater cooperation over the introduction of a European patent. I also consider the area of standardisation very important in relation to the introduction of innovations into practice, as well as their application by small and medium-sized enterprises.
I am thinking in particular of the question of food security, which is one of agriculture's underlying aims. I am also thinking of the importance of preserving the two pillars of the common agricultural policy, as Mr Dess has just said, whilst also recognising the need to make the policy greener and to focus more on integrating the sound management of natural resources. I am also referring to a fairer distribution of common agricultural policy money between European farmers and to the need for a budget that is able to address food and regional issues, but also the management of natural resources in the European Union.
I am told that Mr de Magistris requested the defence of his immunity.
I am very concerned about the heavy burden of death and disease that this food-borne epidemic has caused the European population and want to take the opportunity once again to express my condolences to those who are suffering as a result.
I am very happy to inform you that already today we have more than 3800 registrants in the Commission register.
I am very pleased by the adoption of the amendment I tabled, which has been included as paragraph 167 and which calls for cooperation with the countries participating in the Eastern Partnership, and I hope that paragraph 71 will be similarly amended.
I am very pleased that MEPs have decided to support the amendment I tabled regarding the strengthening of policies on youth.
I am very positive about this resolution concerning the Small Business Act review, as it contains the correct measures to undertake in order to make it easier for over 23 million small and medium-sized enterprises to do business.
I am voting against Amendment 11 concerning the withholding of European funds for regions that use the 'Ley de Costas' in a retroactive way without compensation for the citizens affected. I completely disagree with the current state of affairs regarding 'Ley de Costas', but I also think that, especially in this moment of economic crisis, it is not responsible to take such a strong stand, as hundreds of thousands of citizens would be affected if funds were withheld.
I am voting for the amended Commission proposal having regard to the interinstitutional agreement of 20 December 1994 on an accelerated working method for the official codification of legislative texts and, in particular, to point 4 thereof.
I am voting for the proposal of the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament, which considers the Fisheries Partnership Agreement (FPA) to have seemingly contributed to the overexploitation of some stocks, particularly octopus, and has therefore reduced fishing opportunities for Mauritanian fishermen and given the EU industry a competitive advantage as a result of subsidised access fees for EU vessels, I welcome the European Commission's proposal to open negotiations on the renewal of the protocol of the FPA between the EU and the Islamic Republic of Mauritania. I also welcome the European Commission's proposal to introduce a human rights clause into the agreement, and call on the Commission to establish a dialogue with Mauritania aiming to help the country further develop a responsible fisheries policy which meets both conservation requirements and its objective to promote the economic development of fisheries resources.
I am voting for the tabled report, and I call for robust financing for the initiative, which is indispensable to sustainable growth.
I am voting for this Agreement as I believe that, besides the economic benefits it brings, it will also establish mutual acceptance of certification findings in all areas of airworthiness for all Member States.
I am voting for this joint motion for a resolution. I would highlight the measures I consider necessary: making use of all the possibilities and financial margins available under the EU fisheries budget in order to finance emergency support measures for this sector, thereby enabling it to overcome the difficulties posed by the rise in oil prices; continued European Fisheries Fund (EFF) aid to improve the selectivity of fishing gear and to replace engines on safety grounds, to protect the environment and/or fuel economy, above all, for small-scale coastal and traditional fishing; the drawing up by the Commission of a medium- and long-term plan aimed at improving fuel efficiency in the fisheries (including aquaculture) sector; and calling for the Commission to propose an action plan for coastal regions and islands which have an active fisheries sector to improve fuel efficiency in the fisheries and aquaculture sector.
I am voting for this motion for a resolution, and would express the same conviction as the rapporteur that awarding the title of European Capital of Culture to a city which was the site of such tragic events in the course of the 20th century would be an important step towards transcending historical European divisions and showcasing the new Europe.
I am voting for this motion for a resolution, given that the multilateral trade system continues to be by far the most effective framework for achieving equitable and fair trade at international level.
I am voting for this own-initiative report since it tackles the current issues in the interminable debate on the ratings industry: specifically, the lack of competition, oligopolistic structures, and the lack of accountability and transparency, primarily as regards rating sovereign debt.
I am voting for this proposal as I believe there is a need for EU-wide momentum to encourage cultural and creative industries (CCIs), which is why they must adopt innovative economic models and have access to new, legal on-line service provision.
I am voting for this proposal as it amends certain aspects of Regulation (EC) No 1215/2009, so as to extend its validity to 31 December 2015 and make certain adjustments resulting from the entry into force of bilateral agreements with Bosnia and Herzegovina, and Serbia.
I am voting for this proposal as this initiative aims to achieve the major objectives of the Europe 2020 strategy of reducing school drop-out rates from 15% to 10% and of increasing the percentage of people with tertiary education from 31% to 40% by 2020.
I am voting for this proposal given that the crisis has been wiping out millions of jobs and has increased job insecurity and poverty; that 17% of EU residents are at risk of poverty; that 23 million EU residents are unemployed; that much domestic work takes place in the informal economy, under precarious employment conditions and/or as undeclared work and that, in addition to this, in industrialised countries, domestic work accounts for between 5% and 9% of all employment; that the vast majority of the people employed in that sector are women; that such work is undervalued, underpaid and informal; and that domestic workers' vulnerability means they are often discriminated against and subjected to unfair or abusive treatment. I welcome and support the International Labour Organisation (ILO) initiative to adopt a convention supplemented by a recommendation on decent work for domestic workers. I call on the EU countries that are members of the ILO to adopt these instruments at the ILO conference in June 2011.
I am voting for this proposal, as pre-school end early-childhood education are provided in accordance with various traditions throughout the European continent, making the creation of a universal European system for early-childhood education difficult.
I am voting for this proposal, given that antimicrobial resistance (AMR) is an animal health issue for the European livestock sector, especially when treatment failure occurs; that guidelines on the prudent use of antimicrobials have already been issued in several Member States, which has led to a reduction in the usage of antimicrobials; that the livestock sector - dairy, beef meat, pig and poultry meat, eggs, sheep and goat milk and meat production - plays a major role in the European agricultural economy; and that farmers' primary goal is to keep their livestock healthy and productive through good agricultural practices relating to hygiene, proper feed, appropriate husbandry and responsible animal health management. I therefore call on the Commission to develop a broad, multiannual action plan against AMR within the framework of the EU animal health strategy (2011-2015).
I am voting for this proposal, given that the report has achieved a balanced approach between the most important issues for the organisation and the activities of the European External Action Service, and for the key areas of security and defence policy.
I am voting for this proposal, with the amendments of the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament.
I am voting for this report and welcome the provision aimed at ensuring that trade between both parties develops smoothly within a high level of customs security and that it includes a set of rules to ensure that the agreement and the EU acquis remain in alignment.
I am voting for this report as I believe it is essential that we confront failures to comply with international social legislation both inside and outside Europe; these constitute forms of social and environmental dumping that are damaging to European companies and workers.
I am voting for this report because I share the rapporteur's view that IAs are crucial in order for us to carry out our work as law makers.
I am voting for this report because I understand that only by reinforcing European research, development and innovation policy will it be possible for it to increase its competitiveness and adopt an increasingly leading role at global level. I also consider it important that the Seventh Framework Programme contributes to establishing the European Research Area, pursuant to Article 179(1) of Title XIX of the Treaty on European Union.
I am voting for this report because culture can be a key element in international relations by contributing to development, inclusion, democracy and conflict prevention.
I am voting for this report because it includes a range of concerns highlighted by the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament (S&D), by acknowledging the limitations of gross domestic product (GDP) and the need to include additional indicators to measure economic and social progress in the medium and long terms. I would also draw attention to the establishment of clear and measurable indicators that take into account climate change, biodiversity, efficient resource utilisation and social inclusion, which could help lead to a more inclusive society based on knowledge, and to lower carbon emissions.
I am voting for this report because it is a thorough evaluation of the process and implementation to date and because it launches a debate on its future governance, exploitation and financing of the decision to create global navigation satellite systems and other autonomous European systems.
I am voting for this report because the amendments introduced by the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament (S&D) were included in the compromise text.
I am voting for this report in that it presents suitable political priorities for Parliament for the Multiannual Financial Framework, in both legislative and budgetary terms.
I am voting for this report, as it examines the needs of urban areas, focusing mainly on two aspects: basic infrastructure, and smart investment in infrastructures and services based on technological advances. I also agree with the call for attention to be given to strategic planning principles, and with the need for cross-financing that is more flexible between the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF) and the European Social Fund (ESF).
I am voting for this report, as it sends a clear signal of EU solidarity with the crisis that the European public is facing at present.
I am voting for this report, as the new version of the proposal for Rule 51 aims to achieve three important objectives: firstly, making the provision more readily understandable and therefore easier to use; secondly, laying down new conditions governing the application of the procedure; and thirdly, clarifying the objective of the procedure.
I am voting for this report, but I believe that a potential optional system could be beneficial for consumers and small and medium-sized enterprises if the Commission puts forward concrete data that indicate a need for further progress in order for the consultation carried out by the Commission to remain transparent.
I am voting for this report, firstly because it criticises the Commission for delaying publication until 9 February 2011, even though it was obliged to table it in 2010, and because, like the rapporteur, I regret the weakness of the Commission communication as regards new developments. I also regret the lack of good results as regards small and medium-sized enterprises. I do, however, acknowledge that the joint technology initiatives help make European industry more competitive, although the already existing legal and administrative obstacles need to be dealt with quickly.
I am voting for this report, given that the current Fisheries Partnership Agreement between the European Community and São Tomé and Príncipe has been in force since 2006 and that the protocol for this agreement expired on 31 May 2011.
I am voting for this report, given the positive results of the evaluations carried out on both countries to establish whether they meet the requirements of the Schengen acquis.
I am voting for this report, since it took into account the main concerns of the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament.
I am voting in favour because, inter alia, the report includes a proposal stressing the need to assess the specific situation of the milk and dairy products sector before March 2015, in order to ensure the proper functioning and stability of the milk market. I view this adoption as an important message from the European Parliament to let the Commission know, without taking dogma into consideration, if a decision taken years previously on the basis of certain rules will introduce real benefits when the time comes for it to enter into force, taking into account the situation 12 years later, or if it will contribute to exacerbating the situation instead.
I am voting in favour for the sake of transparency and of acting without obstacles posed by the legal system.
I am voting in favour of the appointment of Mr Draghi as President of the ECB as I believe that he has an extensive academic background and wide professional experience, and because I advocate a strong commitment from the European institutions to combating inflation, to strengthening the single currency and to sustainability in the sovereign debt crisis. I also believe that the new President of the ECB will implement a culture of honesty and rigour, as well as helping to set out robust and consistent economic policy, sending a clear signal of confidence to the international markets.
I am voting in favour of the participation of Croatia in the work of the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction (EMCDDA), as the EMCDDA is open to the participation of any third country, and particularly bearing in mind that Croatia is a transit route through which illicit drugs are smuggled on the way from the production countries to consumer countries. I therefore believe that its immediate involvement is essential.
I am voting in favour of this agreement as I consider it essential that the position adopted by the European Commission, and stressed in this report, expresses the fact that Parliament should regularly monitor the entire process through the sharing of information, and that the Commission should submit a report analysing the strengths and weaknesses of the existing agreements at least every three years.
I am voting in favour of this draft European Parliament legislative resolution on the draft Council decision on the conclusion of the protocol setting out the fishing opportunities and financial contribution provided for in the Fisheries Partnership Agreement between the European Community and the Democratic Republic of São Tomé and Príncipe.
I am voting in favour of this motion for a resolution of the European Parliament since it expresses its dissatisfaction with the Commission due to the fact that, by the end of 2009, only 75% of the total amount of EUR 21 billion worth of financial support had been made fully available for only 50 000 small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). The excessive administrative bureaucracy that is an obstacle to the majority of SMEs must be removed.
I am voting in favour of this report as it covers the Commission's objectives of simplifying the legislation in force with a view to creating a better and clearer legislative environment for businesses, mainly with respect to the simplification of customs formalities carried out by importers of textile products.
I am voting in favour of this report because I believe that the moment has come to harmonise the European legal system in terms of consumer protection.
I am voting in favour of this report, which highlights the benefits deriving from increased cooperation between neighbouring regions of different Member States. I agree with the transformation of the objective of territorial cooperation into one of the pillars of cohesion policy in the Community as soon as it is necessary, from the point of view of enhancing the synergies between neighbouring territories that naturally have the same needs and problems, to improve capabilities and increase the means of political, economic and administrative exchange between neighbouring regions. I also believe that the proposal in the report to increase the Community's financial commitment in order to uphold this pillar of political cohesion is a positive one.
I am voting in favour of this resolution because it is necessary to begin negotiations for the renewal of the protocol to the Fisheries Partnership Agreement between the European Union and the Islamic Republic of Mauritania.
I am voting in favour of this resolution, which relates to a chapter of the European commercial policy that should be taken as a model for negotiations with other countries - including India, China and Pakistan - which certainly do not guarantee fair competition, let alone respect for social rights and environmental standards, as Canada does.
I am wondering what the outcome of this Council will be. It is supposed to be an opportunity to debate the progress made in the application of asylum and immigration policies, and the consequences of the Arab revolutions, at Europe's borders.
I appreciated the method followed by the rapporteur in evaluating the outcome and modalities of the EU cooperation for development.
I ask the Hungarian members of Parliament and the representatives of Hungarian authorities to abandon nationalistic games and playing around with peace treaties which remain unrealised and which they perceive as unjust.
I attach a lot of importance to the activities and initiatives associated with the external dimension of the European Union's social policy, the aim of which is to promote social standards in third countries in order to prevent, among other things, the present-day slavery in which people are treated purely as 'production machines', rather than valuable individuals.
I believe - President Barroso is not here any more - that his prudence won him his second election. I would very much like to vote for him for a third time, but this time for his courage.
I believe further discussion of the strategic framework of the Union's foreign policy is necessary, as well as a deeper knowledge of the scope of the CFSP and the mechanisms for its establishment, which should be made available to the various political players.
I believe in the positive impact of simplifying and improving the existing regulatory framework for the labelling of textile products, particularly encouraging the development and uptake of new fibres.
I believe it is, therefore, very important that the final resolution includes a clear call for full effective investigation into the European Union Member States' complicity and their renditions and secret detention programmes.
I believe it represents a step forward for consumer and environmental protection, including in terms of the positions of individual Member States, which sometimes complain of delays.
I believe that Mr Falbr has drafted a good report, and so I would like to explain why I decided to vote in favour of its adoption.
I believe that Mrs Lagarde will be a worthy and able representative of the European Union; she is well qualified for the job thanks to the experience which she acquired during this stormy period of economic crisis and I believe that she will be a worthy representative of the European economy within the framework of global economic governance.
I believe that a better range of statistics on the environmental consequences of the policies of Member States and the EU is needed, as well as on accounting for certain taxes that support environmental policies.
I believe that a rapprochement in the field of aeronautics will create a huge opportunity for the European and Japanese economies.
I believe that a voluntary register is simply a sham and will not offer greater transparency or bring us to a point where the Council of Ministers will be prepared to get involved, so we do not even have all the key legislative bodies on board.
I believe that achieving and sustaining quality of life involves important, interlinked factors such as health, education, culture, jobs, housing and environmental condition. I therefore believe that the indicators measuring these factors are also important, and that more importance should be attached to them. I voted in favour because this report is a step, albeit a hesitant one, towards improving and complementing gross domestic product (GDP) as an instrument for the measurement and evaluation of social and economic performance, and, by association, of societies' progress.
I believe that both parties would have much to gain from a free trade agreement (FTA) that would strengthen their trade relations and remove barriers which have unjustifiably hindered relations. I regret that such an objective still seems far from becoming reality and I hope Europe and Japan will persevere in their efforts to attain it.
I believe that future regional policy should be linked to basic European objectives in the areas of innovation, research, environmental and energy challenges, and should, of course, help to create European added value, but only with follow-ups that are as transparent and effective as possible.
I believe that in both the European Parliament and in the European Commission, we have to work to speed up the procedure.
I believe that it is essential to adopt the single European patent in order to encourage a move towards commercial exchanges outside the Union.
I believe that it is in our interest as Europeans, European citizens, that the Member States act together in external matters.
I believe that peace in the Middle East is sensitive enough, and UNRWA's work important enough, not to be subjected, year after year, to the Commission's game of proposing lower figures which then rise during the negotiation on budgetary procedure.
I believe that some Member States have deliberately sabotaged the negotiations.
I believe that the Commission proposal on the provisions for tractors placed on the market under the flexibility scheme contains timely, simple and effective measures.
I believe that the Commission should take a holistic approach towards the proper coordination of the management of the spectrum across the EU in view of the fact that this public good is a scarce and finite resource and is crucial to the furtherance of consumers, citizens and businesses within the single market.
I believe that the Directive will establish a legal framework in the European Union for the management of spent fuel and radioactive waste, and will form an integral part of EU legislation, ensuring the safe use of nuclear energy in those Member States which retain it in their energy mix.
I believe that the European Parliament has the right to discuss the legislative solutions enshrined in the constitutions of its Member States.
I believe that the European Urban Agenda is a policy of undoubted importance, given that 70% of the European population lives in cities, and that these people generate about 80% of EU gross domestic product (GDP). A total of EUR 21.1 billion has been earmarked for urban development in 2007-2013, to be targeted at the rehabilitation of industrial sites and contaminated land areas, urban and rural regeneration, clean urban transport, and housing.
I believe that the Mitchell report, which is an extremely good report, touches on many key issues, and I therefore decided to vote in favour of it. I believe that what matters most when considering the future shape of financing instruments for development is to remember that the overriding aim of development policy should be to reduce dependence on aid gradually, and for the country in question ultimately to achieve total independence.
I believe that the agreed text is a balanced compromise that incorporates many of the amendments presented by Parliament and leaves room for further developments in the near future, which - as Mrs Győri pointed out during her speech - is very important.
I believe that the example shown by the aerospace industry in Northern Ireland is a significant one - larger companies mentoring and helping smaller companies to actually access the programme - and I would use this opportunity to call upon the Commissioner to provide us with radical and new ways for small and medium-sized enterprises to benefit from this very important programme.
I believe that the first thing we need to do is to assess the impact, which will shed some light on the pros and cons of such an agreement.
I believe that the package of interventions contained in the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council may be effective in preventing macroeconomic imbalances, especially in the euro area.
I believe that the reconciliation between Hamas and Fatah and their readiness to found a state represent a major opportunity, because founding a state involves commitment and responsibility.
I believe that the solutions we are providing to these issues are not good enough and that we should focus much greater attention on the way in which Member States implement the projects and programmes which we have in mind here. I believe that the European Commission's role is to encourage more Member States to implement these programmes properly and meet young people's needs.
I believe that this - the problem of foreign investment in South Sudan - will soon be a new front line that the European Union must monitor and on which it must assert the credibility it has earned in recent years in this region.
I believe that this Partnership Agreement is mutually advantageous for the fisheries of both the European Union and Seychelles.
I believe that this is a key point to be remembered at all times; in other words, through the programme, we can develop the great potential for economic exploitation of this field by the telecommunications sector, the audiovisual sector and new services, while, at the same time, giving a boost to economic development and to other sectors linked to the telecommunications sector.
I believe that this is the only way we can move toward becoming a modern parliament. I have been in charge of one report and in the explanatory statement I listed all the agents with whom I worked, because it is a way of working and an attitude that we should clearly separate from all the irresponsible acts we have seen in the past.
I believe that we are witnessing a trend whereby national constitutions are seen as an area where there is no room for political debate among European democracies.
I believe that we should also think about the subjects that we want to focus on in the immediate future. I remember well that Mrs Palacio once said that the issue would only appear on the agenda again when the next nuclear disaster happened.
I believe that we should ask the Committee on Foreign Affairs to discuss the situation in Egypt, including everything that has gone on between the minorities, to draft an own-initiative report, and then simply to hold a debate on Egypt with Baroness Ashton one month later.
I believe that what is at stake in this European Council, regardless of the technical solutions or political disagreements, is knowing whether or not we want the European project to continue to be a valid blueprint for a strategy for peace in Europe. I believe that is what is at stake.
I believe that with everything we are achieving here, the Union will be increasingly prepared to coordinate and to prevent potential problems, shortcomings and imbalances in a unified way.
I believe that with today's vote, the European Parliament has sent a strong and clear signal to the Member States asking to freeze the European Union budget for 2014-2020.
I believe that, although implementing economic policy programmes related to credit agreements means serious efforts for the Member States, at the same time, this is also an opportunity to face up to long-standing structural problems and to find solutions and answers to these within a short period, which, in the medium term, could lead to sustainable and higher growth in these countries.
I believe that, in place of purely incremental budgets, we should have zero-based budgeting at the beginning of each parliamentary session, and furthermore that the institutions' budgets should be multiannual budgets.
I believe the Commission should have a stronger and more independent role in the enhanced surveillance procedure as regards assessments that are specific to each Member State, monitoring, missions and recommendations. I support the Union method, and therefore I agree that the role of the Council should be limited in the steps leading to potential sanctions.
I believe the Stability and Growth Pact should be updated and fiscal policy coordination improved in order to strengthen surveillance of national budgets and ensure that Member States take 'prudent' decisions in good times for the economy, building up the necessary buffer for the bad times.
I believe the debate we will now have is a useful opportunity for this House to give its views on these negotiations.
I believe this matter should be taken into consideration at least by Parliament's Bureau, because we cannot allow some of the things we have heard here today to be said on behalf of committees representing so many members of Parliament.
I believe we all broadly share the view that balanced and healthy public finances are a necessary condition for sustainable growth and improving employment, which is the goal of the current legislative package.
I believe, however, that it falls short in one important area, in that it fails to answer the fundamental question asked by our taxpayers and our consumers who pay for the common agricultural policy: what are the direct decoupled payments for? That is a fundamental question that we all need to face up to. There is no longer any linkage with food production because they are decoupled.
I call on Member States to monitor actions to facilitate the transition from school to working life by developing integrated careers guidance and advice programmes, to create better training opportunities for trainers and lay the foundations for a facilitative learning partnership, particularly at regional and local level.
I call on the British Prime Minister to reduce the UK's contribution to the EU in line with the amount of the irregularities if the European Parliament fails to act in the interests of the British taxpayer.
I call on the Commission and Member States to cooperate with partner countries with the aim of placing greater emphasis on combating child labour with a view to creating instead decent jobs for adults and allowing children to receive a suitable education.
I call on the Commission to exert pressure to counter possible opposition on all these points; I am sure it can count on the support of Parliament in this.
I call your attention to the need for continued cooperation on the part of the international community, the UN, the African Union and the European Union in consolidating both countries, in securing peace and the building of institutions for a democratic and pluralistic South Sudan.
I can assure you that, globally, what Europe has done in this respect is seen as the right thing to do and we are applauded by people in developing countries and by our development partners for taking this approach to food assistance.
I can only agree with the desire expressed by Mr Leinen today when he said that, by the end of this decade, we should have moved away from gross domestic product and towards a green domestic product.
I can only be in favour of the choice to put Mario Draghi forward as the new President of the European Central Bank (ECB) for an eight-year term beginning next November.
I can reassure you that the Commission will work until the last minute, the last second, to find a satisfactory solution.
I can understand why a Minister, on receiving the information that the cucumbers are responsible, would issue a warning accordingly, but where is the detailed coordination? Where is the genuine decision-making authority? It seems to me - and I say this very cautiously - that action was taken just as prematurely with the bean sprouts as with the cucumbers.
I can well imagine that a free trade agreement with Japan would make sense, but before we enter into such negotiations, it is not too much to ask that we first wait for the results from the existing instrument, namely this high-level dialogue. I want to be very open about this and I am not saying this in order to take away any negotiating chips from Japan, but because I would genuinely like to see whether Japan is serious about intensifying trade relations with us and genuinely opening up its markets and also its attitude to our products.
I certainly do not understand how they can sit in this hemicycle and defend an intergovernmental approach.
I close by saying the following.
I come from a country whose government was rather tardy in expressing its interest in this directive. I therefore hope that Parliament's decision will be productive and function as a stimulus so that the attitudes and the level of attention for this issue will be substantially improved in the not too distant future.
I commend especially paragraph 9 of the report, which invites the Bureau to set up a system of legislative footprints whereby rapporteurs can record those that have lobbied in the course of progressing a draft law.
I concur with the rapporteur in affirming the great importance of 'territorial cooperation', which aims to remove physical, administrative and regulatory obstacles and reduce the 'border effect' between regions, promoting their harmonious development.
I congratulate Mr Hökmark on preparing such a topical report on the radio spectrum policy programme. I voted in favour of it since I firmly endorse all measures aimed at supporting and implementing the internal single market.
I congratulate my colleague Mr Pieper and all the rapporteurs for the excellent report that was presented.
I consider it extremely important for the European Union to play a key role in international organisations. I believe that the decisions made on international policy should not violate the sovereignty of individual Member States. I am also against weakening the role played by each country in the European Union individually in international organisations.
I consider it of the utmost importance to adopt a position in harmony with the Member States' foreign policies, since such cohesion will lead to peace, security, solidarity and conflict prevention at international level.
I consider regrettable the European Commission's decision not to wait until Parliament has adopted its report on Europe's future international investment policy and that it has decided to go ahead and offer India a mandate to negotiate for an investment chapter.
I consider that stress tests should be undertaken not only within the European Union and neighbouring countries, but at a global level.
I consider the cultural aspect of European policies which strives for increased European cohesion important. I therefore welcome all cultural programmes whose objective is to create a European identity from shared values and mutual understanding.
I consider the support for activities related to the sea and the creation of a new category for regions that have between 75% and 90% of EU per capita income to be very positive for Galicia.
I continue to believe that the traceability issue affects the competitiveness of SMEs and - just as my top priority since being appointed as a European Commissioner has been SME policy, so continuing the work of my predecessor - I intend to continue protecting the health of consumers through quality products which will be the only competitive ones on the international market, because the competitiveness of European Union products is measured in terms of quality.
I could cite a lot of economies that we are competing with who have now realised that they also have to conduct ambitious environment policies, energy policies and climate policies.
I decided to abstain at the final vote because we lost Amendment 1 on reference to NATO, Amendment 3 against a nuclear dimension in the common security and defence policy, Amendment 4 against flexible use of Battlegroups, Amendment 5 against using Battlegroups for mixed civilian-military tasks, Amendment 6 deleting a provision on defence research, Amendment 7 deleting a provision on defence research, Amendment 8 deleting reference to the US Department of Homeland Security, Amendment 9 deleting reference to CSDP cooperation with Frontex in the Mediterranean, and despite the fact that we won Amendment 2 on European External Action Service/Commission permanent working structures and Amendment 1 saying no to NATO developing civilian capabilities.
I decided to vote against this proposal because it would have a very negative impact on the smallest haulage companies in particular.
I decided to vote in favour of Mr Falbr's report which, on the one hand, captures the strategic importance of corporate social responsibility as a motivational tool to stimulate business growth and, on the other, underlines that this issue can only be tackled on a voluntary basis. I also completely agreed with Mr Falbr's critical approach, whereby he disapproves of the hypocritical behaviour of the European Union simultaneously promoting a social model that fosters social rights while also entering into commercial agreements with countries that do not respect or provide protection for workers.
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament adjourned on Thursday, 7 April 2011.
I did have a question for the Commissioner further on, which we will not get to tonight, and which did indeed ask for his view on the merging of the ESF and the EGF, on which you have spoken but did not give us an opinion.
I did not agree with the postponement either, because we are in a position in which we need to give our citizens urgent responses to the economic crisis, which is not just the result of financial speculation, but also of our inability to deal with the problems of recovery and growth.
I did not vote for the Casini report on the establishment of a common transparency register. I consider that the establishment of such a register is a breach of the freedom that all politicians should enjoy.
I did not vote in favour of paragraph 85 of the Albertini report which welcomes the resumption of the negotiations on an association agreement with Mercosur.
I do believe, ladies and gentlemen, that in including Romania and Bulgaria in the Schengen area, which comprises more than four hundred million human beings, we are adding, not subtracting; we are building a stronger Europe.
I do have one doubt, which we have expressed by voting to adopt the amendment removing the wording on the creation of an intermediate category for cohesion policies in those parts of Europe where gross domestic product (GDP) falls to between 75% and 90% of EU GDP.
I do have reservations about the insufficiently flexible approach taken by the Commission to these concessions, but I am also not particularly satisfied with the Commission's stance - not with your position, directly, Mr Dalli, but at one point, one of your fellow Commissioners, the Belgian Commissioner, Mr De Gucht, went behind the backs of the conciliation committee to appear before this Parliament's Committee on International Trade, where he proceeded to present a whole series of sophisms.
I do not agree with the proposal to charge heavy goods vehicles according to air and noise pollution. I feel that it would be inappropriate to create yet another additional tax burden for hauliers, who have been badly affected by the financial crisis.
I do not believe that the own resources ceiling should be revised, as it should be possible to finance EU policy within the current income ceiling. I also see a need for a review of the EU's own resources system.
I do not believe that the temporary Special committee on the policy challenges and budgetary resources for a sustainable European Union after 2013 is the right body to make recommendations for such an intermediate category.
I do not doubt that they mean well but the road to hell is paved with good intentions.
I do not intend to support Mrs Hirsch's own-initiative report, not so much because of its statements of principle, which are commendable in terms of emphasising the importance of bringing the labour market and the world of formal training closer together, but because, once again, we are lacking a practical, proactive approach to the issue that transcends sterile considerations and offers concrete solutions to resolve a social emergency that cannot be resolved through rhetoric.
I do not need any lessons from you in this regard. I do not defend Christians against Muslims. I defend all human beings who live on this planet, so that they can live free and equal - all of them!
I do not support the proposal to create an entirely new legal instrument in the form of a European contract law.
I do not think that anyone should be afraid to face the truth and certainly Parliament could, with a new report on this issue, bring some daylight to the issue and also do away with unjustified claims and suspicions.
I do not think that we would be having this debate if everything had gone well.
I do not wish to elaborate on the matter but, on the specific issue of the order of business, I would even so like to say that I am a little shocked - to put it mildly - that, as no debate has been scheduled, I cannot present my point of view to the House, even for two or three minutes. I believe there is a case for presenting it, because it seems to me that the rapporteur has recycled the argument cited last time by Mrs Wallis, who concluded that my parliamentary immunity should be lifted, something that the Court of Justice condemned in very clear terms.
I drew attention to the fact, acknowledged by the 2009 European Innovation Panel, that the economic and financial crisis is having a disproportionate impact on a number of countries and regions, thereby undermining the objective of convergence.
I endorsed adoption of the directive. I think the decision to extend the financing of Eurovignettes by external costs, in other words, by the costs of environmental pollution and noise, is more advisable than the previous version, which was restricted only to covering the costs of road infrastructure.
I endorsed the document because it advocates advancing effective multilateralism as the overriding strategic concern of the Union and strengthening the coherence and visibility of the EU as a global actor at the UN, inter alia, by better coordinating internal EU consultations on UN issues and by promoting greater outreach on a wide range of issues.
I endorsed the report because the added value of EU membership in multilateral organisations lies in the fields where it has exclusive or shared competences: economic and trade matters, environmental policy, development aid, and security and defence policy.
I endorsed the report on improving Europe's education and training systems. I am in favour of extending the operation of all educational programmes for young people.
I endorsed this document because EU forests and other wooded land account for more than 42% of the EU's surface.
I endorsed this document because it is aimed at ensuring that national defence systems are consistent with EU defence systems, as well as coordinating strategies with the most important global actors, such as the United States, Russia, China, Turkey and the Arab countries.
I endorsed this document because its objective is to charge heavy goods vehicles depending on the time of day they are travelling, during or outwith rush hour, and depending on the sound emitted and cylinder capacity.
I endorsed this document because the Commission's proposal to repeal Council Regulation (EC) No 1541/98 and to amend Council Regulation (EEC) No 3030/93 is driven by the European Union's policy commitment to simplify the legislation in force with a view to creating a better and clearer legislative environment for businesses, mainly with respect to the simplification of customs formalities carried out by importers of certain textile products released for free circulation in the Community, which fall within Section XI of the Combined Nomenclature.
I endorsed this document because the Treaty on European Union and, in particular, Article 11(1) and (2) thereof, provides a framework for, and seeks to foster relations between, the European institutions and European political leaders, on the one hand, and civil society, EU citizens and representative associations, on the other: 1. The institutions shall, by appropriate means, give citizens and representative associations the opportunity to make known and publicly exchange their views in all areas of Union action. 2. The institutions shall maintain an open, transparent and regular dialogue with representative associations and civil society.
I endorsed this document because, in 2009, the EU and Japan represented together more than a quarter of world GDP and more than 20% of world trade, and Japan and the EU are significant investors in each other's economies.
I endorsed this document, because firstly, the Committee responsible has found no evidence of a sufficiently serious and precise suspicion that the case has been brought with the intention of causing political damage to the Member.
I endorsed this document, because the Committee responsible decided to approve the closure of the accounts of the European Foundation for the Improvement of Living and Working Conditions for the financial year 2009.
I endorsed this document, because the Committee responsible decided to approve the closure of the accounts of the SESAR Joint Undertaking for the financial year 2009.
I endorsed this report and discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the European Foundation for the Improvement of Living and Working Conditions for the financial year 2009.
I endorsed this report because the international system is undergoing rapid and profound change, driven by the shift of power towards emerging international actors and deepening interdependence, encompassing economic and financial problems, environmental deterioration and climate change, energy and resource scarcity, and interconnected security challenges.
I endorsed this report because, as we know, the main task of the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction is to collect data on drugs and drug addiction in order to prepare and publish objective, reliable and comparable information at European level.
I expect ex ante conditionality to be fully integrated into the programming process. I also expect ex ante conditionalities to be directly linked to the policy and to programme effectiveness, that their number will be limited, and that they will be tailored to the specific context and respect agreed criteria.
I expect that the High Representative and Vice President of the Commission, Baroness Ashton, as well as the Commission itself, will convey and represent to the Azerbaijani Government our disquiet over the suppression of democracy in the country, and demand immediate corrective action.
I fail to see how, with a diminished CAP, we will be able to respond - just to give another example - to price volatility, and establish a budget line, as is our intention, that will rise to the crisis we have come to know so well.
I fail to see how, with a reduced budget, we will be able to rise to all the challenges described in that document; how common agricultural policy subsidies will be made greener, a process we want to ensure will not require an additional effort on the part of agricultural and livestock farmers; how we will be able to achieve this.
I fear that the emphasis the Commission puts, as it were, on its own institutional rights is not being tracked through to its determination in practice, its zeal in practice, to take infringement proceedings if necessary. I have not heard of Rome and Paris receiving a letter of the kind that the President sent to Copenhagen.
I feel compelled to remind my fellow Members that the common agricultural policy is enshrined by the Treaties and is one of the few real European policies; it can play an important role in a strategic sector that provides public goods and generates true European added value.
I feel that EU and Russian relations with Belarus should also be discussed. A convergence of positions would help to open the prison gates for those who recently stood in the Belarusian elections and would stop blatant human rights abuses. I very much support those fellow Members who said that we need to translate words into deeds in the area of visa facilitation, and not just with Russia, but all of the European Union's eastern neighbours.
I feel that this is not a debate on budget volume, but rather on the supremacy of the Community method, and I think that those who have focused this debate on efforts to reduce the Union budget have made a mistake.
I find it highly regrettable that several Member States attempted, even after the conclusion of the trialogue negotiations, to throw a spanner in the works - they really did try - in connection with the correlation tables in order to block this directive.
I find it impossible to accept that two Member States and two gentlemen looking to make a name for themselves have managed to bring the issue of the reintroduction of border controls back to the debating chamber.
I firmly believe that MEPs will approve this report and that it will then be clearly approved by the Council. I wish the citizens of Romania and Bulgaria the rapture that I personally experienced in chopping down the border gate on 22 December 2007, when Slovakia became part of the Schengen area.
I firmly believe that an effective strategic framework can ensure a common approach and capitalise on the synergies between all the funds to support the cohesion policy objectives, such as those set out in the Treaties, and thus better serve the people of the EU and meet their expectations.
I firmly believe that professional education and training should be available and affordable on a lifelong basis, regardless of a person's position on the labour market or their income.
I firmly believe that the difficulties can only be surmounted if senior politicians understand that their role is, first and foremost, to calm tensions rather than fan the flames.
I fully agree with you that this is not only, or chiefly, an animal farming issue.
I fully support Ms Pack's initiative and I want to ask Parliament to support it and to do everything we can to include Sarajevo as a European cultural capital. I believe that, if we all want this, it absolutely can be possible, because it would be very disappointing if our ideas and common sense were to be blocked by bureaucracy.
I fully support the Committee on Budgetary Control's decision to postpone granting discharge to the European Medicines Agency in the light of what I feel are some very serious points. I should like to emphasise in particular the lack of guarantees regarding the independence of experts and managers, and hence the potential for conflicts of interest.
I fully support the ILO's initiative to adopt a convention supplemented by a recommendation on decent work for domestic workers.
I fully support the adoption, ratification and implementation of a convention on domestic work by the International Labour Organisation (ILO). For the most part, domestic workers work under precarious conditions, frequently find themselves in legally dubious administrative situations which make their situation even less stable, and are often victims of discrimination, inequality and unfair or abusive treatment.
I fully support the autonomous European global navigation satellite system, and I agree with the adoption of all the measures essential to securing its full operational capacity.
I fully support this position.
I had the privilege of drawing up the draft opinion for the Committee on Culture and Education on the Innovation Union and I emphasised a number of points.
I have a positive view of the report's focus on the common challenges that Europe is facing.
I have a warning to give, Commissioner: I want to see this happen on schedule. I do not want to see this dossier kicked into the long grass and for us to then have it put before us at the end of our term or for it to be held over into the next parliamentary term.
I have absolute respect for Mr Rutte, who is in favour of a 2.7% increase in the EU budget. I have taken note of this and am pleased that you have listened attentively because the positions of all governments are debated openly in this Parliament.
I have already had the opportunity to say in this House that it is time indeed that impact assessments be not only systematic, but, above all, credible.
I have already talked about the flotilla, some of the issues concerning the Palestinian authority and the discussions that are going on - Mr Belder, you raised them too - between Fatah and Hamas. I made it clear that our position on Hamas has not changed, but I made it clear that we support ways in which President Abbas can bring unity with Palestinians with his technocratic government and with elections, which is going to be so important.
I have also learnt that the Hungarian Government has launched a publicity campaign against the right to abortion, funded, and therefore apparently sanctioned, by the European Union. I would like to draw attention at this point to the fact that the right to abortion is a fundamental right for which thousands of women have fought and continue to fight in Europe, often at the risk of their lives, that it is supported by this Parliament and by the Hungarian citizens, and that it is recognised by 23 Member States out of 27.
I have also noted progress in the implementation of the principle of 'accessing funding for SMEs'. The government is supporting the set-up and development of at least 1 100 SMEs for young people.
I have always said in this House and beyond that the External Action Service is a force to prevent and resolve conflict, so let me just mention, too, that this is why our role in Serbia and Kosovo matters.
I have been informed by civil society organisations there that pre-emptive measures have been taken by the law enforcement agencies.
I have concerns about the provision of a review clause which will ask the Commission to investigate the possible introduction of a number of labelling requirements which have little added value and would place unacceptable burdens on businesses, especially small and medium-sized enterprises.
I have condemned that violence and called for an inquiry - an inquiry that has to be as thorough as it is independent and that should tell us exactly what happened.
I have finished my four minutes and I want to keep some time for the end of this debate, so I would just like to end by saying that in this time of austerity and times of economic difficulties, we must make sure that early years is still on the agenda and we still do what needs to be done in this important area.
I have heard many of you calling for continuing engagement with Russia, calling for the relationship and coordination with the Russian Federation to be further developed, but I also heard calls for more democracy and less corruption. I also heard a call for no harassment, which was reported in Nizhny Novgorod, although I respect the role of the Russian Federation in ensuring security for the summit.
I have just received news that parallel to this plenary session the Council agreed on the only open question regarding Frontex, so the negotiations on the strengthening of Frontex have been concluded with success. I thank Parliament for their cooperation.
I have made it clear since I took over the chair that I expect people to keep to their speaking time for the rest of this evening or else we are going to have trouble because we will run over midnight and I do not wish to do that.
I have no doubt that Mrs Sanchez-Schmid's report, which was adopted with a large majority, will have an influence on the work of the European Commission as it prepares the legislative proposals that it will bring forward in September.
I have not voted in favour of the Wortmann-Kool report either - I have voted against it - because it does not take into account the Stability and Growth Pact, the European Employment Strategy or the Europe 2020 strategy objectives, which are a source of hope for millions of Europeans, particularly the young.
I have now brokered a solution to the Ashraf crisis, which you have seen, Baroness Ashton.
I have one more point to make concerning Parliament's capacity to see the development of strategies.
I have read the report and I have spoken to many about the report on both sides.
I have received one motion for a resolution tabled in accordance with Rule 115(5) of the Rules of Procedure.
I have saved my final thanks for the President of the European Court of Auditors, Mr Caldeira, with whom Parliament always enjoys genuinely open and positive cooperation.
I have spoken on this issue before and I am voting for this report because I believe EU citizens have the right to know the make-up of the clothes they buy.
I have supported this initiative as the Commission must ensure that Member States comply with Directive 2006/114/EC on misleading and comparative advertising, which applies to business-to-business transactions.
I have taken note of the assessment of the report on the policy options presented in the Green Paper and the support for the innovative solution of an optional instrument, which means no harmonisation but giving consumers and businesses a choice of having a Europe-wide system. I have also seen the support for an instrument applicable in both B2C and B2B transactions, which favours a material scope covering sales contracts, contracts for the supply of digital content and some service contracts. I have taken very good note of what has been said by Parliament, namely, that any future instrument, whatever it looks like, should give consumers a high level of protection in order not to deprive them of the protection they would otherwise enjoy under national law.
I have taken notice of all the speeches that have been made on this report. I would simply like to stress a couple of points.
I have the impression that although we have already spoken many times about this in this Chamber, not much has come from these words of ours.
I have the pleasure of informing you that members of a delegation from the National Assembly of Mauritania have taken their seats in the official gallery. I would like to extend a warm welcome to this delegation led by Mr El Arbi Ould Sidi Ali.
I have to say I find it a truly sickening sight to see the country that actually invented democracy being bullied by you and the increasingly appalling International Monetary Fund and its people being told they have to accept this austerity package.
I have to say that both the inspection report and the opinion of the rapporteur himself are positive, and that we should thank them, while, at the same time, also expressing our exasperation.
I have to say that we have missed the chance to take a step forward, have condemned the agri-food industry to living with obsolete legislation and have put the brakes on European technological advancement, of which we are so supportive in theory.
I have to tell you that beyond the three or four words saying that Her Majesty's Government is disappointed by the report, the other parts of the letter are a real provocation: a provocation to Europe and the European Union, because their main point is that no increase in the Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF) is possible, and that we have to stick to the old MFF, the same figures, the same resources, naturally the same rebates, and certainly the same rebate for the UK. We must change nothing at all.
I have voted AGAINST granting the Director of the European Joint Undertaking for ITER and the Development of Fusion Energy discharge in respect of the implementation of the Joint Undertaking's budget for the 2009 financial year.
I have voted against granting discharge for 2009 for the European Police College, as proposed by the rapporteur, because not even I am convinced by the irregular procedures adopted in the period under review. I consider that more details are required to provide a deeper and more detailed explanation showing the regularity of the accounts.
I have voted against paragraph 36 (split 2) and against paragraph 37, because issues of environmental planning come under regional or national authority, which means that decisions in these areas must be made by regional or national parliaments.
I have voted in favour as I believe that the European Union and Russia must use the Nizhny Novgorod Summit to strengthen strategic cooperation and achieve a global cooperation agreement on the social, political and economic system and include issues relating to democracy, the rule of law, and fundamental and human rights.
I have voted in favour of Mr Casini's report on the amendment of Rule 51 of Parliament's Rules of Procedure because this amendment is the result of work which summarises the stipulations that clarify the area in which Rule 51 can be applied.
I have voted in favour of budgetary discharge for the Community Fisheries Control Agency for 2009 because I appreciate the correctness, clarity and transparency of the accounts and the efficiency deriving from comprehensible and feasible planning.
I have voted in favour of discharge for 2009 for the General Budget of the European Aviation Safety Agency because, in spite of apparently dubious management of the funds available, the Court of Auditors has considered the accounts to be reliable and the underlying transactions legal and regular.
I have voted in favour of granting budgetary discharge to the Translation Centre for the Bodies of the European Union for 2009 because in this report I have found high precision, great transparency and a notable orientation towards results.
I have voted in favour of granting discharge for 2009 in respect of the implementation of the budget of the European Centre for the Development of Vocational Training because the Centre has managed its funds soundly and in line with previous forecasts.
I have voted in favour of the agreement as it is intended to ensure that trade takes place with a high level of customs security and that a set of standards ever closer to the EU acquis is applied.
I have voted in favour of the resolution as I support Sudan and South Sudan and congratulate them on their conduct after the referendum, which will help build a democratic state in peace with prosperity and security with regard to human, social and economic rights in both countries.
I have voted in favour of this initiative as it is aimed at achieving better protection for consumer rights.
I have voted in favour of this initiative to help the 2 834 people made redundant by General Motors Belgium reintegrate back into the labour market because, as a result of the world economic and financial crisis, this company has not been able to expand the Antwerp production plant. I welcome the agreement reached by the social partners regarding the package of proposed measures.
I have voted in favour of this report because it supports the proposal of the Commission to mobilize the EGF in favour of Belgium in order to help 2834 workers made redundant in the primary enterprise General Motors Belgium to find jobs, which is in line with my position and the position of EPP group Moreover, the report reasonably indicates that the 2011 budget for the first time shows payment appropriations (EUR 47.608.950) on the EGF line.
I have voted in favour of this report because the amendment that is being considered for Rule 51, apart from being an innovative collaboration method between various committees, will make the Rule easier to understand and apply.
I hear what colleagues say about their security concerns, but I stand here as somebody who narrowly survived the Mumbai attacks and I say to those colleagues: this is not the time to turn your back on Pakistan.
I hope - and I am confident - that your votes will provide the basis for an agreement. I understand that tomorrow, there will be a vote on the amendments and on the report as a whole but - as Mr Caspary, among others, has said - I hope that this will not hinder us from reaching an early agreement at second reading.
I hope that Europe will give itself the means to promote its culture, so that its model and heritage can exert influence, so that Europe can defend its identity and is able to grow its economy.
I hope that after the postponement of discharge it will be possible to reach a definitive and forward-looking agreement between the competent parliamentary committee, the European Parliament and the European Council on the issues related to the discharge of the Council.
I hope that aid levels will not decrease, but rather will increase wherever possible, and that ways for it to effectively benefit the most deprived populations will be studied.
I hope that our agreement on the six-pack will pave the way for these instruments to be eventually converted into the Community-based ones.
I hope that the Council's statement tomorrow will be a positive one and that it will assure us of a positive result, and I wish to thank everyone who has contributed to that positive result.
I hope that the representatives of the European institutions will listen carefully and monitor the situation in Hungary, and that they will make an uncompromising statement very soon on the undermining of the borders and the Paris Peace Treaty, and on a Hungarian constitution which enshrines support for the collective rights of Hungarian minorities and the creation of collective self-governing areas.
I hope that this kind of problem, whereby the Council discharge has been postponed by Parliament, will never come up in the future again so I ask that even during the Hungarian Presidency we should have a political discussion and agreement.
I hope that tomorrow no European leader will default on solidarity, because Greece is just a page in the book which is Europe; so if we stand by Greece, we stand by Europe.
I hope that, in tomorrow's extraordinary meeting of European Union agriculture ministers, this damage caused to Spanish farmers will first of all be redressed with no exclusions, and secondly, that lessons will be learnt: namely, what should not be done in a situation that has indeed resulted in fatalities, but also concerning damage to the products of many countries including my own, Spain.
I hope very much that our rapporteur, Mr Coelho, will defend Parliament's prerogatives, as he always does very successfully, with our full support. I would like to thank him for his work and hope for further good cooperation in the future.
I hope you will help me to keep my promise, and I hope we will all meet again on the Action Day in 2012.
I hope, however, that the Commission will submit a report in September that sets out strategies on this issue.
I introduced an amendment to reduce the budget by 2.8%, which is the average rate of irregularities affecting the EU budget as reported by the European Court of Auditors.
I just want to sound the slight warning note that we must respect subsidiarity and national competences in this area and in this process.
I just wanted to say a brief goodbye. I will miss this Parliament tremendously. I will miss all the friends I have made here tremendously. I do not think there is a better place in Europe for the passion and the compassion that this Parliament can bring to bear. I am deeply grateful and, because I do not want my last goodbye to be a goodbye in English and because I do not want you to forget the Greek that you have learned in the past year and a half, I will tell you what I suggest we do. Let me hear again how we say 'in favour'.
I know it is difficult for you to carry out your work, Mrs Ashton, because you are on your own and it was not you who decided this - this is how the EEAS was set up - but the impression is being given that in the autumn, we thought Belarus was the most important issue, while today - a little like children who have become interested in something else - we are looking at North Africa.
I know that many people in Greece are living through a period of great hardship and uncertainty.
I know that the objective of the Agreement is to prevent, deter and eliminate IUU fishing through the implementation of effective port state measures, thereby ensuring the long-term conservation and sustainable use of living marine resources and marine ecosystems.
I listened with particular interest to Mr Barroso both here in Brussels and in Palermo on the regional policies for the protection of Sicily and Lampedusa, which continues to see the arrival of boats which would otherwise be at the mercy of raging seas where more lives would be lost.
I look forward very much to hearing the outcome of your debates on our Green Paper, which I understand will be adopted in late summer. I can assure you that the enriching inputs given by the Carvalho, Merkies, Audy and Matias reports will be duly taken into account when preparing the legislative proposals.
I met an elderly lady whose husband was a taxi driver.
I mourn his death as both a colleague and a friend of his and I am going to ask President Buzek to send his family and the Spanish Government a message of heartfelt condolence and support, which I am sure that all of us here share.
I move on now to explain my vote on the Directive on Consumer Rights. I welcome the adoption of this directive, which constitutes a step forward in European integration and in the protection of consumer rights but, at the same time, I regret that the adoption of a number of articles of the directive involves taking protection away from many Spanish consumers and users who are going to find themselves deprived of certain rights that were already enshrined in Spanish law.
I must emphasise once again that at the same time regional policy has become the central and sustainable investment policy for all European regions.
I must express regret, however, over the fact that the Council has so stubbornly refused to introduce country of origin labelling and to harmonise size labelling. I am very disappointed with the approach of the Council, which deprives consumers of the right to find out before purchasing where a significant part of a product was made.
I must insist on how important it is to apply fairly the 'polluter pays' principle, as has also proved to be the case in the wake of the disaster in Japan.
I must refer, however, to what I have just heard regarding the protection of minorities under the Spanish constitution, which has been set up as an example to some other constitutions that have been mentioned by Mr Szájer. I cannot overlook this.
I must say that if we cannot understand the tough situation Member States are in today, we do not understand the reality for citizens.
I must stress the need for greater transparency for all funds earmarked for this purpose and, more importantly, for increasing the assessments of the impact which the DCI has among the population in those countries.
I myself am at this point involved in an opinion on data protection and the number of groups that have come to me with their views amazes me. I would like, if I were compelled to have a register, to record those who came to me as well, because in that way, we could have true transparency. A register of lobbyists officially, but also a record of those who lobbied us. That would create true transparency, greater credibility and ultimately greater trust.
I note that the Court of Auditors has once again drawn attention to a large volume of carryovers and cancellations of operational appropriations by several agencies in the financial year 2009. I also note the existence of unused budget lines and the high number of transfers in some of the agencies, and I would call on the agencies concerned to step up their efforts to improve financial and budgetary planning and programming.
I note the need to pay particular attention to the outermost regions, to regions with serious and permanent natural or demographic limitations, such as the most northerly regions with very low population density and islands, and to cross-border and mountain regions; this is because the resources and capabilities of these regions can play a significant role in the future competitiveness of the European Union.
I note, finally, that there are requests to limit the duration of the trade preferences to one year from the date on which the waiver takes effect. I think that would be very problematic.
I now come to the Sanchez-Schmid report on unlocking the potential of cultural and creative industries. I would like to thank Parliament and, in particular, Ms Sanchez-Schmid, for this very good report. I am pleased to see that there is a strong convergence of views between your report and our analysis.
I now want to listen to what you parliamentarians have to say in order to understand the position of the European Parliament on this matter.
I particularly agree with the rapporteur's assertion that synergies and coordination do not imply one-size-fits-all solutions, but call for close strategic coordination between instruments, policies and actors in order to produce carefully designed interventions and programmes which take into account the territorial specificities and comparative advantages or special features of each region in an integrated place-based approach.
I particularly like the idea of the continuation of direct payments and the explicit removal of the historical reference values in paragraph 15 and the fairer distribution between Member States, and within Member States in the regions and nations within them, in paragraph 16.
I particularly welcome the call for at least 70% of budget funding to be spent on territorial cooperation in cross-border collaboration, on the one hand, and for the funding for territorial cooperation to be increased from a level of 2.5% in the current programming period to at least 7% of total budget funding in the next programming period.
I personally am in favour of extending de minimis aid on certain conditions: we must focus on small-scale fishermen, on small-scale and coastal fisheries; we must focus on fishermen who apply proper, sustainable fishing practices; and finally, we must focus on ensuring that financing does not result in an increase in fishing effort and these measures do not put the environmental and social viability of European fisheries at risk.
I propose that when main insolvency proceedings are begun against an employer who is in debt the receiver should be allowed within a six-month period to order the preservation of assets, with backdated effect, where the company has taken steps to move its funds.
I realise how difficult it is when in every Member State there are very different calls for what should be incorporated into the CAP reform, but one important matter is relevant here, and that, of course, is this matter of greening.
I really hope that some of our colleagues can have a second look at the text before simply agreeing to it on Wednesday. I hope we can send a clear signal to the Commission and thereby influence the negotiations, making it very clear that we want to exercise our powers as the European Parliament.
I really hope that, by the time of the inter-parliamentary assembly scheduled for June, we will succeed in having all these people released, including newspaper editor Eynulla Fatullayev, and that the government and the governing parties finally keep to their promises.
I refer to a very specific matter: personally, I was not at all surprised that the referendum and its result were followed by an increase in hostilities - almost - caused by the Sudanese institutions and authorities, particularly in the Abyei region.
I regret that he is hurling what I consider to be insults at me. I am sorry, Mr Preda, but I have never defended, here in this Chamber, or at any other time in my life, a single dictatorship anywhere in the world. I have always denounced all human rights abuses, wherever they are committed.
I regret that the Council has not yet participated in the agreement and joined the transparency register, as this affects the likelihood of achieving the necessary level of transparency at all stages of the EU legislative process. I would like to remind you that the level of transparency of political institutions is increasingly linked to its legitimacy.
I regret the inadequate investment in projects promoting energy efficiency and renewable energy resources for housing and for housing projects aimed at marginalised communities.
I repeat, it is a pity that we have not reached agreement because this regulation dealt not only with cloning and with how many generations and which products must be labelled, but also with many other points on which agreement has been reached, such as nanotechnology and foodstuffs coming from third countries, which were very important for consumers and for the agri-food industry, not only from the point of view of the internal market, but also from a health perspective and in terms of innovation.
I said yesterday to Minister Moallem, the Foreign Minister of Syria: You must allow immediate and unhindered access to humanitarian support and to the media.
I say this to the right: you chose to form a narrow majority with the eurosceptics, as you were free to do, in order to create a form of economic governance which I can tell you now is unfair and will be ineffective.
I say to you quite clearly - if there are dangerous bacteria on a cucumber or a lettuce that do not lead to death, that may be a good thing, but for me it is not enough to justify a compensation case.
I scrutinised the report very attentively and summarised its key points: (1) the scope of scrutiny (not only cost-benefit analysis, but an integrated approach); (2) the inclusion of stakeholders from all the policy areas while the methodology and final quality control should remain under the remit of the European institutions, with an increased consultation period from 8 to 12 weeks; (3) the revision of the interinstitutional common approach to impact assessment to encourage all the institutions to implement a common methodology on IAs.
I served four terms as a member of parliament for a region, one area of which, namely Naoussa, has one of the highest unemployment rates in the whole of Europe, as a result of the impact of globalisation of the textile industry.
I shall focus on transparency, on which I drafted a report.
I share his concerns at the level of antibiotic resistance being found in bacterial infections of livestock. I agree with him that there should be growing concern that there is evidence of overspill to the human population, where we are finding that the efficacy of many once-reliable antibiotics has declined significantly, thereby putting human health at risk.
I share the rapporteur's analysis in the report voted on today.
I should also like to express my satisfaction at the fact that the main messages of my report were adopted both in the extremely important motion for a resolution by the European Parliament on the future financial perspective of the European Union and in the report on the future of cohesion policy.
I should also like to say how grateful we are to you, Commissioner. I speak on behalf of all those who hold you in high esteem.
I should also like us to pay attention to the principles of allocating and auctioning spectrum, because it is not necessarily used in every case for commercial purposes and, hence, to generate profit. I am, of course, thinking of the cultural dimension, which has been pointed out, but also of spectrum use for public service purposes - we should actually have a discussion about civil protection services - and indeed for military purposes.
I should also mention that, if the summit leaders decide to go ahead with the option of a comprehensive bilateral legal framework, this should include both trade and investment relations and political relations and cooperation.
I should just like to make one remark to say that I regret the Council's reluctance to sign up to this common register.
I should like to adjourn the debate a moment to announce that today in the visitors' gallery we have Professor Dagmar Lieblová, President of Theresienstadt Martyrs Remembrance Association, from the Czech Republic, whom we welcome.
I should like to ask the Commission, therefore, if it does not think there is a case for triggering the European emergency clause and bringing forward the discussion on financial compensation.
I should like to conclude, Mr President, by raising the following points in response to some specific questions.
I should like to congratulate Mr Garriga Polledo on the excellent work he has carried out on the important matter of the future financial perspective.
I should like to emphasise something else: I believe that the effects that such a free trade agreement between two of the giants of international trade would have on the entire structure of global trade must be discussed in greater detail than has been the case heretofore.
I should like to emphasise what I consider to be this report's most significant step forward: the possibility of creating a system that is not just based on the sanctions aspect of the Stability and Growth Pact (SGP), but that, by contrast, enables the introduction of real incentives that lead to and develop a genuine will in the governments of the Member States to comply with the rules laid down in the SGP.
I should like to express my deep sympathy with European fishers, whose salaries have been directly affected by an increase in oil prices, which has seriously exacerbated the economic fragility linked to the irregular nature of activity in this sector. I consider it essential to introduce mechanisms that promote the boosting of prices paid at the production stage, whilst keeping prices paid at the final consumption stage as low as possible. I am therefore voting for the motion for a resolution tabled by the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats), which duly emphasises the above points.
I should like to express my pride at the European Parliament's broadly favourable view in support of the appointment of the new President of the European Central Bank (ECB), Mario Draghi.
I should like to mention the importance of video's exponential growth as an element of communication between different people, and between different institutions and companies.
I should like to offer my congratulations on the excellent work carried out by Mr Klinz. I call on the rating agencies to shed further light on how they determine their sovereign ratings, while also asking the sector to explain their methodologies and why their ratings diverge from the forecasts of the main international financial institutions.
I should like to point out that the European Parliament's main positions have already been formulated and approved by plenary in a special chapter of the resolution on the future financial perspective of the European Union as regards cohesion policy.
I should like to say something to you as a Portuguese.
I should like to welcome the introduction of a mechanism of sanctions for correcting macroeconomic imbalances, in line with what is happening at the moment with the Stability and Growth Pact rules.
I should like, therefore, to congratulate the rapporteur and get behind her call for a more ambitious Commission Green Paper that leads to the appearance of a true Internal Market, making it possible to create jobs and guarantee greater social cohesion.
I should now like to comment principally on the proposals to reform the Staff Regulations.
I should say that my group aligns itself neither with one side nor with the other, but simply with the side of justice and of reconciliation. I believe that there can be no reconciliation, in those countries, like Sri Lanka, but there are certainly many others, which have experienced atrocious wars, unless justice is done.
I should stress the important role played by the EGF in reintegrating redundant workers into the labour market. I call for an assessment to be carried out of the long-term integration of these workers into the labour market, as a direct result of the measures funded by the EGF.
I should therefore like to advise Mr Verhofstadt, because he has obviously been misled, that on these two issues, which form the cornerstone of the reforms, Nea Dimokratia has not only agreed; it was Nea Dimokratia that made the proposals.
I sincerely hope that the Council reaches an agreement so that these two countries can become part of the privileged circle of Schengen States.
I spoke to Parliament in May about the Commission's migration package, which sets recent and future policy initiatives in a framework that allows the EU and its Member States to manage asylum, migration and mobility of third-country nationals in a secure environment.
I stand with the poor farmers, trade unionists and workers of India who oppose the FTA as it will mean a further undermining of living standards and working conditions for large parts of the Indian working class, in particular, those that work in the large informal sector.
I still believe that some sort of European Arrest Warrant is a necessary tool to fight crime and terrorism across the Union, particularly given the huge free movement of people now moving between Member States, including - sadly - criminals. I also believe that the number of errors or miscarriages is relatively small - but still too many.
I stressed earlier on, in my introduction, how difficult it was to reach this compromise.
I strongly believe that the European Parliament will adopt this report tomorrow and that the Council will act accordingly as soon as possible.
I strongly believe this report indicates the need for the Commission to undertake a thorough spending review in order to identify possible savings which would reduce pressure on the budget during this period of austerity.
I strongly believe, Commissioner, that the Venice Commission's report will confirm that these breaches have taken place. I would ask you the following then: what will the European Commission want and be able to do about this? Finally, I want to ask the following question, especially to the German and French MEPs among you, here in Strasbourg, which is the symbol of the historical reconciliation between Germany and France, and which our European Union has been built on: can you allow the demons of nationalism to be let loose in Europe without destroying our European Union project?
I strongly support the amendment of certain elements of Regulation (EC) No 1215/2009 in order to permit the extension of its validity to 31 December 2015 and make certain adjustments consequent to the entry into force of bilateral agreements with Bosnia and Herzegovina and Serbia.
I strongly support the call issued yesterday by Parliament to the International Ice Hockey Federation for Belarus to lose its right to host the 2014 World Championships unless it frees all its political prisoners.
I suggest that we need to suspend the entry process to the Schengen scheme for Bulgaria and Romania as a precaution, not least in view of the foreseeably enormous pressure on the external borders of these two countries, which are becoming the holes in the Swiss cheese that is the European Union system regarding the entry of illegal immigrants.
I support spending on the promotion of accessible artistic and cultural events which can enrich the lives of the population; this is why is supported the LUX film prize, despite misgivings on the seemingly large budget spent on this particular award.
I support the 'polluter pays' principle and we should under no circumstances be shirking our responsibilities.
I support the comprehensive approach to innovation policy and believe that together, we must establish a strategic and integrated European Union innovation policy that is geared to practical adaptation.
I support the draft Council decision on the conclusion of the Agreement between the European Union and the Republic of Croatia on the participation of the Republic of Croatia in the work of the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction because the number of deaths, compared with last year, is falling for all drugs except heroin, and progress is being achieved as a whole in the fight against drug use.
I support the introduction of exceptional trade measures for countries and territories benefiting from the Stabilisation and Association process.
I support the principle of helping Pakistan boost its economy following the floods in July 2010.
I support the proposal to introduce a combination of the principles of maximum and minimum harmonisation, thereby allowing consumers to retain the rights they have gained through national legal provisions.
I support the report of Georgios Stavrakakis on the performance, financial management and control of EU agencies because mainly it stresses the need to encourage the agencies to develop, and then regularly update, a comprehensive situation outlining their financial circuits and the responsibilities of the financial and operational actors.
I support the report on the draft Council Regulation concerning the extension of the scope of the Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on the professional cross-border transport of euro cash by road between euro area Member States.
I support the report on the mid-term review of the Seventh Framework Programme of the European Union for research, technological development and demonstration activities because I believe that it truly reflects what has been achieved, as well as existing problems.
I support the report reviewing the Small Business Act as it aims to improve access to credit and access to the market for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). At this time of crisis for European businesses, we need to give assistance to SMEs, enabling them to increase their abilities and know-how, asking them to support management programmes designed to implement research, development and innovation.
I support the resolution on the renewal of the protocol to the Fisheries Partnership Agreement between the EU and Mauritania because the agreement is based on the principle of surplus, which is compatible with the EU's sustainable fishing strategy.
I support the waiver of Bruno Gollnisch's immunity so that he can stand trial for the offence of incitement to racial hatred.
I support this decision because it makes a significant contribution towards strengthening transparency by approving the conclusion of an agreement between Parliament and the Commission on the establishment of a common transparency register.
I support this own-initiative report because it supports the creation of a European Order for the Preservation of Assets and a European Order for the Disclosure of Assets.
I support this proposal for the committee to continue its work on this important document on the basis of the amendments adopted by Parliament at first reading, and I hope that the Council will also take a favourable approach towards promoting access to information about textile products.
I support this report as it is important to recognise the valuable contribution of early childhood education and how crucial it is to achieving the EU's 2020 strategy.
I support this report because this proposal involves no more than a straightforward codification of the existing texts without any change in their substance.
I support this report in view of the new elements that have been introduced by the Council, especially with regard to earmarking, greater transparency and incentives for fleet renewal, vehicle capacity and the possibility of more effective variation of infrastructure.
I support this report on the conclusion of an interinstitutional agreement between Parliament and the Commission on a common transparency register.
I support this report on the future of credit rating agencies (CRAs). The recent financial crisis has highlighted that there are major problems with this business, such as over-reliance on external ratings in the regulatory framework and no liability for ratings by CRAs.
I support this report, especially what it says about the Special Report of the Court of Auditors on the reform of the sugar sector.
I support this report, which calls on the Member States to ensure that people, at different times of life, have access to vocational education and training which is tailored to their needs that will facilitate and improve their participation in the labour market and in society more generally.
I support this report, which recommends several concrete actions, including the creation of an environmental index, more timely publication of environmental and social data, more accurate reporting on social disparities and extending the system of national accounts to include environmental and social issues.
I support this resolution on the proposed International Labour Organisation convention on domestic workers. A significant part of domestic work is undeclared, precarious and underpaid, and domestic workers, mostly women, are vulnerable to abuse, especially when working abroad.
I supported Mr Garriga Polledo's report because I found its general outlines justified in the light of the challenges that the European Union is to face over the coming years.
I supported Mr Mitchell's report because I believe we have to increase the participation of parliaments in developing countries when drawing up strategy papers for these countries, for the poverty eradication strategy for instance.
I supported the Zahradil report because I think that Council Regulation (EC) No 1541/98 on proof of origin for certain textile products has served its purpose.
I supported the nomination of Hans Gustaf Wessberg as a Member of the Court of Auditors because he has over 30 years of professional experience of high level management in public institutions as well as private enterprises in Sweden. A large part of his career has been devoted to improving conditions for private enterprises in Sweden, as manager in organisations representing industry interests in public life.
I supported the proposed report because I think that creating credit rating agencies will boost competition in this sector, which is a prerequisite for enhancing quality, reducing information costs and, last but not least, increasing the relevant agencies' accountability.
I supported the recommendation because the European Union must send out a strong message against illegal, unregulated and unreported fishing.
I supported the report by Alexander Graf Lambsdorff because I think that we need to foster greater cohesion between the Member States' positions and enhance our ability to negotiate with other regional groups.
I supported the report by our fellow Member, Mr Falbr, because I believe that the Union should promote the highest labour and social standards in third countries to maintain its credibility in international trade and to build strong ties with the main trade partners.
I supported the report on the development of the common security and defence policy following the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon.
I supported the report on the proposal for a decision of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing the first radio spectrum policy programme. I believe that a common radio frequency spectrum policy will provide European Union Member States with new possibilities for developing information and communications technology industries.
I supported this report because I believe that it will above all give greater security to consumers buying online by providing better prior consumer information.
I supported this report by voting in favour because I believe that we need rules during the transitional period to ensure legal certainty and avoid conflicts and gaps in the law.
I supported this report, which precedes the Commission communication on CSR. I also welcome the work done by my colleague, Richard Howitt, at committee stage to produce a report that promotes the positive work that corporate social responsibility can do at European level.
I supported this resolution as I believe the specific issue of safeguarding equal treatment and fair competition on public procurement markets in the EU and in third countries urgently needs more political attention.
I supported this resolution on the ILO convention on Decent Work for Domestic Workers.
I supported today's report calling for a joint register of lobbyists and interest groups to be set up. This is a first step towards greater transparency in both the European Parliament and Commission. A 'transparency register' will improve ease of access for citizens wishing to find specific information regarding which organisations and individuals have contact with both MEPs and Commission officials.
I suppose it is very easy with hindsight to talk about what could or should have been done or what we did not do, but now, with the benefit of that hindsight, we could put mechanisms in place to ensure that this never happens again.
I take a very positive view of the extremely open and realistic assessment of the individual common security and defence policy (CSDP) missions, of the statements on women and security, on disarmament and on the human rights clause in anti-terrorism measures, and of the clear reference to the decision not to mix civilian and military operations.
I take this opportunity to express my opposition to a unilateral increase in the European target for greenhouse gas emission reductions to beyond 20% by 2020, given the lack of a global climate agreement involving all the major emitters.
I thank everyone for their support and once again, Mr Tajani, thank you for your support and I hope that we will have the results of the study as soon as possible. I also hope that the President-in-Office will succeed in persuading the Council that we can set to work in a positive spirit.
I thank the rapporteur, Mr Coelho, for his excellent report, which fits in with the recent debate on the implementation of the Schengen Agreement.
I thank you for your condemnation of the massacre in Camp Ashraf on 8 April 2011. I strongly suggest that, in this case, you follow the clear message of the European Parliament from April 2009: we need a clear and convincing message that the EU really cares about the lives of 34 unarmed members of the Iranian opposition and will no longer tolerate the brutal crushing of their liberties and dignity. I ask the Commission to take the lead in the proposed resettlement issue.
I therefore advocate respect for the results of the referendum as an expression of the democratic will of the people of South Sudan, and I urge Sudan and South Sudan to commit themselves actively to promoting democratic governance and establishing lasting peace, security and prosperity in both countries. I consider the provision of external aid very important and I welcome the Council's 23 May 2011 decision to allocate EUR 200 million to development cooperation in South Sudan, with the aim of contributing to the autonomy of local communities, and of attending to the basic needs of the people and to the non-existence of human resources and infrastructure.
I therefore agree with the rapporteur on the need to improve the transparency of estimates and responsibility of projects; to strengthen their procurement authorisation at the financing decision and work-programme level; to correct failings in the recruitment of personnel, and increase its objectivity and transparency; and to implement and comply with the Financial Regulation to which they are subject.
I therefore agree with the rapporteur, Mr Hökmark, that we absolutely must stick to the timetable that has been set for freeing up the spectrum.
I therefore also regard it as legitimate to ask whether the analysis promised by the European Commission, concerning a reduction of the administrative burden to 25% of its current level, is available yet. I also agree with the proposals to the effect that both the EU institutions and the Member States should be guided by these principles when creating new legislation or revising existing legislation.
I therefore ask for the adjournment in order that we can conclude this or leave the door open to concluding it, with a first-reading agreement in July.
I therefore ask the Commission how it intends to proceed and whether it intends to submit a proposal to remove the Member States' discretion in the transposition of Articles 3 and 4 of the framework decision, concerning the grounds for mandatory non-execution and optional non-execution.
I therefore believe it essential that funding for cohesion policy at least remain at the same levels, along with funding for the common agricultural policy (CAP). It is also important to make progress towards an MFF, more than 80% of whose funds do not come from national budgets.
I therefore believe that it is important to reinvest in already existing mobility and education/training programmes, and to establish European-level minimum conditions for work experience placements, since these should not be seen as employment, but rather as the acquisition of practical skills.
I therefore believe that this is an area where, on the one hand, maximum harmonisation may be useful, but, on the other, minimum harmonisation may also be adopted, depending on which is more suited to a given type of contract.
I therefore call on Commissioner Dalli - who I know is very willing - to table a Commission proposal incorporating our positions as soon as possible, so as to allow this House to approve the regulation on cloning.
I therefore call on the Commission not just to improve the monitoring mechanisms, but also to adopt the measures necessary for wider-ranging data collection, and for the series of incentives encouraging best practices in this area to be included in the common agricultural policy legislative package that is being drawn up.
I therefore cannot but stress what thousands of European citizens and taxpayers are wondering: what use is Europe if it cannot solve the economic problems of the continent, if it cannot speak with a single voice on matters of foreign policy, and if it squanders money? I hope that what Commissioner Tajani has said on several occasions comes true. I hope that the review of the SME code really is able to simplify red tape, ensure access to and recovery of credit, and facilitate internalisation.
I therefore congratulate the Court of Auditors on its excellent performance in 2009 and agree with the rapporteur with regard to all his conclusions.
I therefore consider it essential that the European Union adopt a true innovation strategy, taking into account the Europe 2020 strategy of smart specialisation, with a view to reinforcing support for research, development and innovation (RDI) as a key element of the Union's future, extending it into all the areas, sectors of activity and social agents of which it is comprised.
I therefore do not believe that what you have presented is good, Mrs Malmström, because you have failed to quote Article 78(3) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU). I do not know whether you are familiar with it. Article 78(3) of TFEU states that in the event of one or more Member States being confronted by a sudden inflow of nationals of third countries, the Council, on a proposal from the Commission, may adopt provisional measures for the benefit of the Member State(s) concerned - after consulting the European Parliament, by the way.
I therefore hope that the lessons that inescapably emerge will, in fact, be learnt. I hope that the Council of Agriculture Ministers will be able not just to provide compensation for the injured parties, but also to establish a response protocol that takes on board the lessons extracted from this unfortunate experience.
I therefore hope that we here will be casting a vote in favour, that we will support this package, but also that we will give ourselves the opportunity to start a final round of negotiations with the Council in order to strengthen this point further.
I therefore reject the idea of capping direct payments, since this is a move which will reduce the efficiency of agriculture throughout the European Union.
I therefore support the creation of new instruments and increased funding for measures designed to protect the EU's forests, particularly in order to address the new challenges brought about by climate change.
I therefore support the development of a European structure composed of common goals and values that includes shared rights and structures, which will contribute to coming up with adequate early-childhood education and care services; these must benefit from effective and equitable financing.
I therefore think it would be a good idea to tackle this problem at the summit as well, including asking Russia to lift this disproportionate and unjustified import ban on European Union vegetables immediately, which, as such, is out of line with the principles established by the World Trade Organisation (WTO), especially considering that Russia is a candidate for accession to the WTO.
I therefore think that if Europe does not want to fall in on itself and die, it must decide to invest more heavily in research and innovation.
I therefore voted in favour, because I am convinced that it would be useful to make an amendment to the Commission's proposal, achieving minimum harmonisation and at the same time guaranteeing a high-level service to consumers.
I therefore welcome the Member States' undertaking to reassign part of this revenue to the TEN-T, a major project designed to guarantee Europe's territorial cohesion and to improve access in regions such as those of the Alps, where the infrastructure is not sufficient to ensure a modal shift from road transport to other forms of transport.
I therefore welcome the adoption of this report, which represents a major step forward in consumer protection. I also welcome the option taken by the Council of restricting this directive to door-to-door and Internet sales - a market that is expanding significantly, but in which consumers still feel a little lost - and I approve of the simplification measures adopted, not least the possibility of consumers, but not companies, rescinding contracts by telephone.
I therefore welcome two amendments tabled by the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament calling for Parliament and the Council to co-decide on matters relating to nuclear energy use and endorsing the fundamental ban on waste exports to third countries, a ban which demonstrates Parliament's determination to shoulder its responsibilities.
I therefore wholeheartedly endorse and encourage the initiative that aims to reduce the school drop-out rate to 10%, and to increase the percentage of people with post-secondary education from 31% to 40% by 2020.
I think President Sarkozy's idea was an excellent one because the Internet is a global phenomenon.
I think it is a good idea as well to enable small enterprises to register themselves as European private companies, thereby reducing the administrative burdens and, at the same time, realising smart regulation is an extremely timely issue. A high priority in this is spreading the 'only once' principle across Europe and examining whether the regulatory framework of certain policy areas is as it should be and, if it is not, what changes are required.
I think it is important too that we look at what we are really doing on CSDP; let us not mess around with descriptions that are not true.
I think it is very good to be able to stand here, not only as a non-attached Member, but as someone who, with this opinion on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs - it was not a shadow report, but a supplementary opinion that is even more comprehensive than that of the lead committee, the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety - is able to represent these positions that we have set out with a vote of 37 to 0. In specific terms, this means that we want - as I put it - to move towards a system of European sustainability statistics, nicely abbreviated to ESS.
I think research and innovation are fundamental contributions to a fairer, more redistributive and more sustainable development model, so we cannot let some factors fall by the wayside.
I think that Europe's farmers are entitled to decent incomes, which, along with ensuring food security, provide a basic justification for preserving the CAP.
I think that European citizens need to have a better understanding of the cohesion policy's objectives. A strong Europe, which is a Europe that will cope with the global competitive environment, is achieved by maintaining the cohesion policy as a key element in EU policies, aimed at achieving balanced development in every region. I want to insist on maintaining a significant proportion of the future budget outlook for the cohesion policy.
I think that I have covered most of the other issues. I am certainly willing to continue the discussion on this agreement with Parliament and the Committee on International Trade, the more so now that we are reaching the end game in this discussion. I am not going to pronounce on the exact timeframe for coming to a final agreement.
I think that accession to the Schengen area is not a gift being offered to Romania, but rather recognition of its merits and efforts, and will be an obvious asset to the security of the EU's external borders.
I think that establishing a European intermodal transport system, based on the TEN-T network and interconnecting it with national road, rail and inland waterway projects, is vital to ensuring territorial, economic and social cohesion.
I think that supporting the convergence requirements of less developed areas must remain a priority in the forthcoming programming period so that fair access to the cohesion policy instruments can be guaranteed.
I think that the European Union and Russia must intensify their negotiations on establishing a partnership and on introducing a comprehensive agreement concerning the political, economic and social system and also taking account of all the issues associated with democracy, the rule of law and respect for human rights.
I think that the European Union needs a strong and effective security and defence policy to prevent conflicts, protect its citizens' security and reaffirm its basic values, by making its contribution to supporting international law, the promotion of respect for human rights and democratic values throughout the whole world.
I think that the economic sanctions must be extended against Belarus, applying to the state firms in this country which play an important role in shaping the region.
I think that the income generated from the charge on users of the infrastructure and from the charge based on external costs must be used to support the trans-European road network, improve road safety and provide safe parking areas, which are an absolute necessity for compliance with the applicable social legislation.
I think that the proposals in this package are not ambitious enough, as they are only geared towards austerity and curtailing citizens' social rights.
I think that the review of this Seventh Framework Programme is absolutely crucial. I cannot stress enough the importance of issues like transparency, simplification and redistribution, which are essential, and are clearly outlined in this report and in the positions Parliament has been adopting.
I think that there is just one point that has not yet been made here today and that is the need to acknowledge that Europe is now some way behind in terms of research and innovation.
I think that this inharmonious result in the final structure of the package is down to a difference of opinion about the origins and nature of the crisis.
I think that we have reached this conclusion because, with the current turmoil in the Middle East, it has been realised that we had forgotten all about the cultural dimension for decades: for example, in the European Union's relations with Syria.
I think that we must provide support to Member States and regions by encouraging synergy between structural, social and rural policies.
I think that, in this way, we will ensure that the future common agricultural policy, which is a sectoral policy, provides multi-sectoral responses, and thus that the budget which is to be allocated to the common agricultural policy will demonstrate and provide a genuine European added value. I think that, in this way, we can justify a substantial budget for the common agricultural policy, and a budget which is consistent with the objectives that we are setting for this policy.
I think that, overall, there is a feeling on both sides that an EU-Japan FTA has the potential to become a true win-win for both sides.
I think the primary concern can be summarised as the one underlying the impression that what is certainly a very large political majority, a two-thirds majority, but nonetheless a circumstantial political majority in the Hungarian Parliament, has succeeded in forcing a constitutional reform that places constraints on the achievement of political pluralism and, consequently, on the possibility of alternating between different political projects under the same set of rules of play. I think that is why it has caused concern, from the point of view of its concordance with the principles enshrined in Articles 2 and 3 of the Treaty on European Union and with the political dimension of the rights enshrined in the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union.
I think there is a political will to do this but it needs to be done in a coordinated manner and this is where an effort has been initiated by the Commission: Commissioner Malmström is working on the matter with the Member States, and I hope the European Council later this month will confirm our thinking.
I think these agencies are instrumental in delivering the Europe 2020 strategy and progress towards the headline targets we have agreed. I very much agree that developing skills and vocational training is one of the key challenges we are facing, as was stressed in the discussion.
I think this is a European issue, not a question of which Member States have nuclear industries and which do not: it is an issue for the whole of Europe, and Europe desperately needs good news. I must tell you, sincerely, that one of those items of good news is guaranteeing the public that we are taking care of their safety.
I think this is certainly a far-reaching proposal; it is an ambitious proposal and requires important decisions to be made in the Member States, and we would ask them to rise to the challenge it entails.
I think this resolution on the EU-India Free Trade Agreement should be rejected.
I think, Lady Ashton, that our institution - the European Parliament - is your natural ally in the battle involved in implementing the Treaty of Lisbon.
I totally agree that the recommendations of the Consultative Working Party of the legal services of the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission should be taken into consideration as I think that the proposal in question is simply limited to a straightforward codification of the existing texts without any change in their substance.
I trust that I have answered the questions satisfactorily. I also trust that I have convinced you that the fiscal, financial and structural measures in the Memorandum are vital if Greece is to come out of the crisis. I hope I have allayed the fears some of you may have about the failure to observe the principle of subsidiarity.
I understand that over 400 petitions relating to abuse of business directories have been received by the European Parliament.
I understand the logic of compromise, but the current text destroys the one which resulted from the first reading and was voted for by an overwhelming majority.
I urge this House to support the work of the CMP, and to support Written Declaration 10 which is humanitarian in its objectives and seeks to bring peace and remembrance and reconciliation to these families.
I very much appreciate my fellow member Mr Chatzimarkakis's approach. I think that he has done a brilliant job of handling this discharge exercise.
I very much share the concern of the Russian Government and I would like to see the Latvian Republic prohibiting imports of vegetables until the dangerous infection is eliminated completely.
I very much support his desire to legislate so as to see Europe meet the technological challenges in this sector and maintain a leading position in the world.
I view the assessment made by the Court of Auditors in these special reports positively, because it is through these reports that we are able to access more clearly the information relating to how funds are spent, and also the need to reassess or adapt programmes and projects.
I voted against Amendment 39 in this report and, by extension, for Amendment 62. I think that an intermediary category is needed for regions for the duration of the next programming period, with the only proviso being that the allocation of funds earmarked for these regions does not affect the allocations intended for achieving the convergence and competitiveness objectives.
I voted against Mrs Wallis's report because the optional instrument envisaged, based on a regulation, basically marks the first step towards harmonising contract law in Member States. I think that such harmonisation, even to a minimal extent, is inconceivable at the present stage in view of the different way contractual relations are regulated in Member States.
I voted against a part of paragraph 36 because the provision it contains is, to say the least, unrealistic. I do not think that we should ban construction on forest land which has been affected by fire because it is actually impossible for this land to be used for other purposes. I do not think that we should present cases of abuse as the general rule and harm the property rights of the forests' owners who have already been affected by a forest fire.
I voted against a report that proposes an optional legal instrument for contract law, effectively laying the foundations for a future body of European civil law, to take precedence over domestic civil laws.
I voted against because I think that it is possible to find a more suitable person for the position offered, from a professional point of view.
I voted against granting discharge in respect of the 2009 general budget of the Council because the Council has refused to respond to questions from Parliament on this topic and has failed to provide the essential documents that Parliament has requested. I am therefore in favour of postponing the 2009 discharge.
I voted against paragraph 20 because I do not believe that the time is yet ripe for the EU to have a single seat on the United Nations Security Council.
I voted against the Balzani report on the mandate for the trilogue negotiations from the Budget committee because it wants to increase the EU budget for 2012 by 3.7% for commitments and 4.9% for payments. I could not vote in favour of the Conservative Party amendment to freeze the budget at 2011 levels because I firmly believe it is a reduction that is needed, and their stand represents a weak starting point for negotiations
I voted against the Balzani report on the mandate for the trilogue negotiations from the Budget committee because it wants to increase the EU budget for 2012 by 3.7% for commitments and 4.9% for payments. I could not vote in favour of the Conservative Party amendment to freeze the budget at 2011 levels because I firmly believe it is a reduction that is needed, and their stand represents a weak starting point for negotiations.
I voted against the El Khadraoui report on charging heavy goods vehicles as the proposal allows tariff barriers to be introduced, which will increase the costs for freight operators in the peripheral Member States.
I voted against the European Parliament resolution on the negotiations for the free trade agreement between the EU and India.
I voted against the Garriga Polledo report from the SURE committee because it wants to increase the EU budget for the period 2014-2020 by 5%. I could not vote in favour of the Conservative Party amendment to freeze the budget at 2013 levels because I firmly believe it is a reduction that is needed, and their stand represents a weak starting point for negotiations.
I voted against the Niebler report on impact assessments. UKIP supports the concept of impact assessments but only if they are truly independent, have real teeth (such that the Commission has to take note of them) and are conducted at the national level to avoid producing a bland one-size-fits-all which will not enable national governments to assess the impact on their countries with sufficient accuracy.
I voted against the amendments to Mr Garriga Polledo's report calling for intermediate categories of regions, or regions with per capita gross domestic product between 75% and 90% of European Union GDP, to be introduced for the next financial programming period.
I voted against the application of an external dimension of social policy, promoting labour and social standards and European corporate social responsibility.
I voted against the authorisation to discharge the 2009 general budget of the European Medicines Agency. I did so because, as reported by the Court of Auditors, there were some irregularities in the transactions on which the accounts are based, which cause concerns about the correct use of funds. I am therefore in favour of postponing the closure of accounts for the financial year 2009 so that further management checks can be carried out.
I voted against the full application of the Schengen measures in Romania and Bulgaria.
I voted against the legislative resolution which allows Parliament to grant EUR 46 million to the Georgian Government.
I voted against the motion for a European Parliament resolution on establishing a financing instrument for development cooperation with developing countries, areas and regions because of the wish expressed by the motion in respect of the management of illegal immigration.
I voted against the motion for a resolution on misleading business directories as the UK operates its own misleading marketing regulations via the Office of Fair Trading, which controls the regulation of open and honest trade and contracts within the UK. However, such regulations do not encompass misleading contracts in other Member States.
I voted against the potential adoption of EU harmonisation of credit rating agencies as the standards may vary, and necessarily so, between Member States.
I voted against the proposals to discharge the Commission of its obligation to report on its expenditure because the report was unclear. I did vote in favour of the motion for a resolution, as the general idea of cost efficiency in the EU is raised many times. I am in favour of cutting costs in relation to the Commission and its agencies.
I voted against the provision of external aid to South Sudan of EUR 200 million in development cooperation in order to assist South Sudan to cope with the numerous humanitarian and socio-economic challenges in a context of reduced governance capacity and political fragility.
I voted against the removal of the Parliamentary immunity of Bruno Gollnisch because: 1. I believe in free speech and the words complained of were not incitements to violence and were not abusive or insulting.
I voted against the report on the charging of heavy goods vehicles as I believe that levying charges for the use of infrastructure could have negative repercussions for the European economy, particularly in outlying countries.
I voted against the resolution tabled by the European right, as it promotes an ultraliberal vision of the EU's trade relations with India.
I voted against the trade relationship between the EU and Canada as I feel any BIT could undermine the Commonwealth negotiation between UK and Canada.
I voted against the waiver of Bruno Gollnisch's immunity because the explanatory statement given by the Committee on Legal Affairs, which recommended the waiver to plenary, was entirely arbitrary.
I voted against this report as I strongly oppose the programme of crippling austerity measures which is being driven through the European Union by the centre-right.
I voted against this report, which draws cultural goods into a logic of the market and competition.
I voted for Mr Hökmark's draft report, which supports freeing up the 800 MHz band for mobile services between now and January 2013 and sets some very ambitious objectives such as freeing up 1 200 MHz for mobile data traffic by 2015.
I voted for Mrs Auconie's report. I welcome this proposal to extend the scope of application to the cross-border transport of euro cash by road.
I voted for Mrs Fraga's recommendation on the draft Council decision on the approval of the Agreement on Port State Measures to Prevent, Deter and Eliminate Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing. I voted in favour because the content of the initiative will be a crucial contribution to the current global struggle against illegal fishing.
I voted for Mrs Sanchez-Schmid's report on the potential of the European cultural and creative industries, which has not yet been fully unlocked.
I voted for adoption of the agreement, because it is of mutual benefit to the interests of the parties in the fisheries sector.
I voted for discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the Joint Undertaking for the implementation of the Joint Technology Initiative on Innovative Medicines for the financial year 2009. I urge the Joint Undertaking to complete the implementation of its internal controls and financial information system as a matter of urgency.
I voted for discharge of the implementation of the budget of the Community Fisheries Control Agency for the financial year 2009 after seeing the analysis the Court of Auditors is undertaking, which states that its actions are legal and regular.
I voted for discharge of the implementation of the budget of the European Railway Agency for the financial year 2009, because Parliament granted its director discharge in May.
I voted for the Coelho report on applying the Schengen acquis in Romania and Bulgaria and I welcome the realistic attitude and good faith shown by all my fellow Members who also voted for this report.
I voted for the Consumer Rights Directive today because I believe that it will simplify and improve the existing regulations in the area of consumer protection.
I voted for the European Parliament's resolution on the Small Business Act Review as there are still further important steps to be taken to facilitate the proper operation of SMEs in the EU.
I voted for the Manders report on regulations covering the labelling of textile products. I am very happy that Parliament, on the occasion of this vote at second reading, has reintroduced a series of amendments, despite opposition from the Council.
I voted for the draft resolution because I welcome the 'Single Market Act' initiative, and especially the legislative measures enabling small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) to make use of all the advantages of the Single Market, such as the European rules for venture capital funds, the revised VAT regulations and the simplification of the directives on accounting.
I voted for the joint motion for a resolution on the EU-Russia Summit as I think that relations with Russia need to be strengthened, especially in the area of energy security.
I voted for the mobilisation of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund (EGF) in favour of Belgium because I believe this instrument represents a valuable resource to support workers who find themselves in difficulty on account of the economic crisis.
I voted for the motion for a resolution on antibiotic resistance because I believe that the Commission and the Member States need to adopt measures to address the growing problem of antimicrobial resistance (AMR) in animals, given that the use of antibiotics in animal feed also contributes to antibiotic resistance in humans.
I voted for the motion for a resolution on the European fisheries sector crisis due to the rise in oil prices, as it has affected the economic viability of the fisheries sector, with a direct impact on fishers' incomes.
I voted for the report because I agree that the Commission should publish a report on the application of this regulation three years after it comes into force, and then every five years subsequently. I agree that this report should assess, inter alia, the effectiveness of the regulation, the progress made towards ensuring closer coordination between economic policies, and sustained convergence of the behaviour of the Member States' economies, pursuant to the Treaty.
I voted for the report because I agree that the Member States should establish an authoritatively scrutinised, effective medium-term budgetary framework providing for the adoption of a fiscal planning horizon of at least four years to ensure that national fiscal planning is part of a multiannual fiscal planning perspective.
I voted for the report because I agree that, in order to ensure closer coordination of economic policy and sustained convergence of the behaviours of Member States' economies, the Council should go ahead with multilateral supervision as an integral part of the European Semester for the coordination of economic policy, in line with the objectives and requirements provided for in the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU). Parliament shall be duly involved in the European Semester, in order to increase transparency, ownership and accountability of the decisions taken, specifically through economic dialogue. I agree that the Economic and Financial Committee, the Economic Policy Committee, the Employment Committee and the Social Protection Committee should be consulted within the framework of the European Semester wherever deemed appropriate, and that the relevant stakeholders, in particular the social partners, should be involved in the European Semester as regards the main political issues, wherever appropriate, in accordance with the TFEU, with the law and with national policies.
I voted for the report because I agree that, when it exceeds the reference value, the ratio of the government debt to gross domestic product is to be considered sufficiently diminishing and approaching the reference value at a satisfactory pace in accordance with Article 126(2)(b) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU) if the differential with respect to the reference value has decreased over the previous three years at an average rate of one twentieth per year as a benchmark, following an assessment made over a three-year period for which there are data.
I voted for the report because the transmission of pathogenic bacteria carrying AMR genes constitutes a particular threat to people, through the intake of said bacteria and/or through daily contact with animals. I believe that commitment to research is essential, as it contributes to the development of antimicrobials as an effective tool in the fight against diseases afflicting both people and animals.
I voted for the report by Mr Garriga Polledo because I believe that in the future, financial instruments should be efficient, strengthen cohesion and prepare the European Union for the challenges of the global market. I agree with the content of the text, although there are two points that I did not agree with and which I opposed: the tax on financial transactions and the amendments to introduce the 'intermediate category'. I do not believe that a reference to the tax on financial transactions should be included in this report. A debate about this tax is important, but it requires in-depth analysis.
I voted for the report drafted by María Muñiz De Urquiza because the European Union's presence in multilateral organisations is one of the guiding principles of its foreign policy.
I voted for the report drafted by Mr Lambsdorff because I think that the EU is creating a new identity for itself on the global stage at the moment. I should remind you of the lengthy period of cooperation between the two international organisations, as well as of the EU's involvement in numerous projects launched by the UN. I must mention at this point the commitment made by European leaders to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
I voted for the report on GDP and beyond - Measuring progress in a changing world, by Mrs Rosbach, because I believe that gross domestic product is no longer a sufficient, appropriate indicator for measuring progress in a changing world, and it is therefore necessary to develop more comprehensive indicators that would provide a more reliable knowledge base.
I voted for the report on Innovation Union as it highlighted the importance of innovation in terms of laying the foundations for a sustainable, competitive economic model and creating new jobs in the European Union.
I voted for the report on discharge in respect of the implementation of the European Union general budget for the financial year 2009, in relation to the European Parliament. I should like to stress that, in the section on major changes in budget management during 2009, I voted for item 5 because I understand that the general expenditure allowance paid into our accounts must be handled transparently in all cases and must be used for the purposes intended.
I voted for the report on discharge of the European Parliament budget 2009, since it contributes to scrutiny of how funds are used by the European institutions. I believe that it would be useful to review the European Parliament budget in the long term, in order to reduce costs and create resources for the efficient functioning of the Parliament in the context of its increased competences arising from the Treaty of Lisbon.
I voted for the report on the common agricultural policy towards 2020: meeting the food, natural resources and territorial challenges of the future, because it tables proposals that respond to new challenges like food security, environmental protection and climate change, whilst simultaneously ensuring greater territorial balance in Europe's rural areas.
I voted for the report on the management of spent fuel and radioactive waste, because I believe there is a need for a responsible strategy and adequate means to respond to all nuclear waste, whether from energy production, from scientific research, or from medicine.
I voted for the report on the mandate for the trialogue on the 2012 Draft Budget, because the European Union budget should foster recovery from the economic and social crisis in the Member States, by promoting growth, employment and the investment that is critical to the realisation of the Europe 2020 strategy's goals.
I voted for the report on the new Multiannual Financial Framework because it introduces the option of applying a financial transaction tax at European level.
I voted for the resolution because the Europe 2020 programme considers research and innovation to be central for emerging from the crisis by means of smart, sustainable and inclusive growth.
I voted for the resolution on EU-Canada trade relations because it highlights the need to include social and environmental issues in the future Economic and Trade Agreement between the European Union and Canada.
I voted for the resolution on credit rating agencies because I believe that a new European rating agency is required, which will introduce an alternative method of operation and more competition in this sector.
I voted for the resolution on the Innovation Union because, apart from other things, I believe that we must adopt measures both at the European and national levels for improving the entrepreneurial skills and professional training of Europeans by incorporating business studies, creativity and innovation into all areas of education.
I voted for this Report but am concerned by the Court of Auditors' findings that several agencies had deficiencies in procurement procedures. I call on the agencies to strengthen their internal controls to make sure that contracts and procurement procedures are correctly applied.
I voted for this initiative because Romania and Bulgaria adopted the Schengen acquis when they joined the EU in 2007.
I voted for this motion for a resolution because it has clearly pointed out the current situation of misleading business practices, which are already against EU law, and that the international dimension of the fraud makes it difficult for the victims to pursue and fight against the fraudsters. I believe that vulnerable small businesses and professionals need to be protected from the misleading business directories, and thus the EP and the EU as a whole must show that European law is there for everyone to follow and respect.
I voted for this motion for a resolution which supports the dignity, welfare and development of every person as values which ought to be the main objectives of economic development.
I voted for this nomination for the President of the European Central Bank (ECB), given the candidate's skills and the extensive experience that he has gained over the years.
I voted for this proposal because I believe that it will benefit the EU, since a properly functioning procurement market is of essential importance in order to foster the Single Market, to stimulate innovation, and to promote a higher level of protection of the environment and climate, as well as social inclusion, throughout the EU. Public procurement is of crucial relevance, serving as a catalyst for the revitalisation of the EU economy and, accordingly, for employment and welfare.
I voted for this proposal because it gives an extensive review of the current global issues in the EU and UN, pointing out the challenges and the opportunities that the EU is facing.
I voted for this report and in doing so welcome the audit strategy of the Court of Auditors for the period 2009-2012 and support its priority goals (maximising the overall impact from its audits and increasing efficiency by making best use of resources). I expect the Court of Auditors to report on the steps taken to implement this audit strategy as well as to demonstrate the progress in this direction using the Key Performance Indicators (KPI), in particular with the introduction of KPI 1 to 4 in 2010. I particularly welcome the plan to publish follow-ups in respect of the special reports to increase their impact.
I voted for this report and in doing so, urge the Commission to ensure that fishing activities that fall under the Fisheries Partnership Agreement meet the same sustainability criteria as fishing activities in EU waters.
I voted for this report and take the view that, in order to be consistent with the EU's own values, EU foreign policy and external action must give priority to promoting democracy and the rule of law, good governance and fair societies, given that a rule-based democratic society is the basis for upholding human rights as well as for enhancing stability.
I voted for this report and welcome the fact that bilateral investment treaties are now part of the common commercial policy.
I voted for this report as I feel that it offers viable solutions for improving research and innovation in the European Union and, by extension, provides the conditions for a return to economic growth and the creation of new jobs.
I voted for this report because I agree that the Council should be able, after debating a Commission recommendation, to impose a fine on any Member State that distorts, whether intentionally or through grave negligence, figures relating to the deficit and public debt relevant to the application of Articles 121 and 126 of the Treaty, and to the Protocol (No 12) annexed to the Treaty. I also agree that the aforementioned fines should act as an effective deterrent and should be proportional to the nature, seriousness and duration of the offence. I agree that it should not be possible for the fine to exceed 0.2% of gross domestic product.
I voted for this report because I believe impact assessments (IAs) are a key instrument for the legislative process, and one which European legislators should make greater use of in future.
I voted for this report because I believe that it is only by using proper instruments that we can have a realistic view of the situation, and therefore do our best to change it if necessary.
I voted for this report because I believe that the cultural and creative industries should constitute an added value for the Union. A European statute for artists based on favourable working conditions and tax regimes would promote Europe as a dynamic and challenging environment in which to live and work, making it attractive to skilled and creative individuals.
I voted for this report because I believe the Court of Auditors may benefit from Mr Wessberg's experience in the financial management of institutions.
I voted for this report because I believe this is a good time for the Commission's Green Paper, officially endorsing the economic and social importance of the sector, to prompt discussion on 'unlocking the potential of the cultural and creative industries'. The growth of cultural and creative industries in the European Union since the 1990s has been exponential in terms of job creation and of their contribution to GDP.
I voted for this report because I think that indicators need to be found to complement GDP and help us measure factors such as climate change, biodiversity or resource efficiency.
I voted for this report because it is important that we develop a tool which can complement GDP, taking into account that it has to be done in a way so that it can have practical use, based on clearly defined indicators and high-quality data.
I voted for this report because it represents Parliament's contribution to the discussions on means of ensuring more effective governance in financial institutions in Europe.
I voted for this report because the Court of Auditors has stated that is has reasonable assurances that the 2009 accounts for the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) are reliable and that the underlying transactions are legal and regular, and because on 5 May 2010 Parliament granted the Executive Director of the European Food Safety Authority discharge in respect of the implementation of the EFSA's 2008 budget.
I voted for this report because the committee responsible considers that, in giving the interview in question, Luigi de Magistris was acting in the performance of his duties as Member of the European Parliament and carrying out political activities by expressing his opinion on a matter of public interest to his constituents.
I voted for this report because the full application of the Schengen agreement in Bulgaria and Romania certainly means the abolition of border checks for these countries as well.
I voted for this report entitled 'GDP and beyond - Measuring progress in a changing world'. As the report rightly says, gross domestic product (GDP), which is used by political decision makers worldwide and referred to in public debates, has also come to take on the role of a comprehensive indicator for overall societal development and progress in general.
I voted for this report for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on the operating space, access to the driving position and the doors and windows of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors (codified text).
I voted for this report giving discharge to the Committee of the Regions (CoR), and I am pleased that, in our resolution, Parliament 'reconfirms its position that, in the interests of transparency, declarations of financial interests of members of all Union institutions should be accessible on the Internet via a public register; reminds the CoR of its request that CoR members declare their financial interests, disclosing relevant information on declarable professional activities and remunerated posts or activities; notes with satisfaction the CoR response on the matter, in particular the letter of the president of the CoR of 11 February 2011; [and] requests the CoR to follow up this issue in its Annual Activity Report'.
I voted for this report on a proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on indications or marks identifying the lot to which a foodstuff belongs.
I voted for this report on enforcement measures to correct excessive macroeconomic imbalances in the euro area, which is part of the legislative package aimed at strengthening economic governance in the EU and the euro area.
I voted for this report on the Agreement on Port State Measures to Prevent, Deter and Eliminate Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing, because I believe that this type of fishing implies a serious global threat to living aquatic resources.
I voted for this report on the amended proposal for a Council directive on the structure and rates of excise duty applied to manufactured tobacco (codified text).
I voted for this report on the basis of expert reports which say that at this moment, both Romania and Bulgaria have proved that they are sufficiently prepared to apply all the provisions of the Schengen acquis in a satisfactory manner.
I voted for this report on the external dimension of social policy, promoting labour and social standards and European corporate social responsibility.
I voted for this report on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on rear-mounted roll-over protection structures of narrow-track wheeled agricultural and forestry tractors (codified text).
I voted for this report on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on roll-over protection structures mounted in front of the driver's seat on narrow-track wheeled agricultural and forestry tractors (codified text).
I voted for this report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing transitional arrangements for bilateral investment agreements between Member States and third countries.
I voted for this report which considers that comprehensive air agreements with neighbouring countries or significant global partners can deliver substantial benefits to passengers, freight operators and airlines, by means both of market access and of regulatory convergence to promote fair competition, including with regard to state subsidies and social and environmental standards, providing certain standards and conditions are met.
I voted for this report which is driven by the European Union's policy commitment to simplify the legislation in force with a view to creating a better and clearer legislative environment for businesses, mainly with respect to the simplification of customs formalities carried out by importers of certain textile products released for free circulation in the EU.
I voted for this report, because with it the European Parliament consented to the approval of the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organisation Agreement, which would promote responsible exploitation of fishery resources and marine eco-systems.
I voted for this report, the purpose of which is to extend the scope of the proposal for a regulation on the cross-border transportation of euro cash by road between euro area Member States (the main proposal) to the territory of Member States that are about to introduce the euro, since there is normally an increased need for euro cash transportation in the run-up to the changeover.
I voted for this report, the recommendation for second reading, because it restores the vast majority of Parliament's amendments at first reading, including those relating to origin marking, indication of animal-derived materials and multi-fibre textile products.
I voted for this report, which underlines the need for more rigorous examination of projects at the application stage in order to prevent shortcomings, and, accordingly, invites the Commission to further improve the use of guidance and checklists by providing clearer criteria for assessing grant applications in order to enhance the effectiveness and consistency of the procedures and their results, and to ensure proper follow-up action in cases of non-provision of required information or action.
I voted for this report. I did so because the Court of Auditors says it has sufficient assurances that the 2009 accounts of the European Network and Information Security Agency (ENISA) are reliable and that the underlying transactions are legal and regular, and because on 5 May 2010 Parliament granted the Executive Director of the ENISA discharge in respect of the implementation of its 2008 budget.
I voted for this report. I did so because the Court of Auditors says it has sufficient assurances that the 2009 accounts of the European Training Foundation (ETF) are reliable and that the underlying transactions are legal and regular, and because on 5 May 2010 Parliament granted the Executive Director of the ETF discharge in respect of the implementation of its 2008 budget. I agree with the entire content of the report and I would highlight the ETF's initiative of providing the discharge authority with the Internal Audit Service (IAS) Annual Internal Audit Report, as it is a sign of transparency to be followed by all other agencies.
I voted for this resolution and I should like to emphasise that Russia's energy policy towards the EU Member States and the countries of Eastern Europe will be a litmus test of whether and how genuinely Russia will be able to go down the path of modernisation and democracy.
I voted for this resolution and would like to emphasise that Russia will always be a very important partner of the European Union.
I voted for this resolution because the statement identifies the main problems and priorities for the EU in the new Multiannual Financial Framework. I should particularly like to emphasise the call contained in the resolution for the Commission to present proposals for an effective and efficient EU common agricultural policy (CAP), which would more fairly distribute direct payments between Member States and farmers, and strengthen the link between delivery of public goods to society and support payments to farmers. I fully support the call for the funds allocated to the CAP in the budget year 2013 to be maintained at the same level for the next financial programming period also, so that the CAP can fulfil its expanded objectives and tasks.
I voted for this resolution on the Agency for Fundamental Rights and I support calls on the Agency to make progress in ensuring, as far as possible, a realistic evaluation of tenders.
I voted for this resolution which 'considers that the problem of undeclared work needs to be tackled; states that the domestic work sector is characterised by a high level of informality and undeclared work, that many migrant workers are employed in this sector, and that their rights are often violated; further, considers it essential to combat precarious work in general, given that this problem affects migrant workers in particular, thus worsening their already vulnerable position'.
I voted for this resolution which calls on both sides in Sudan, in the run-up to independence day on 9 July 2011, to present concrete plans on the setting-up and/or reform of their institutions in order for the two states to be viable as of that date.
I voted for this resolution which calls on the Council to award the title 'European Capital of Culture' exceptionally to Sarajevo in 2014. I believe that awarding the title to a city which was the site of such tragic events in the course of the 20th century would be an important step towards transcending past European divisions and showcasing the new Europe.
I voted for this resolution which reaffirms the urgent need for Russia to implement fundamental principles of democracy, the rule of law, human rights and media freedom as a basis for cooperation, and calls on Russia to take concrete action to improve its human rights record and to protect journalists, human rights activists, minorities and opposition representatives from violence and intimidation.
I voted for this resolution which urges the Commission to speed up its activities with regard to revising and improving the directive and other relevant legislation so as to put an end to the misleading practices of business directory companies as soon as possible, notably by specifically blacklisting misleading practices by business directories
I voted in favour because I advocate freedom of expression for Members when performing their duties, and in order to defend the interests of the European Parliament as an institution.
I voted in favour of Eurovignettes because I think that solutions of this kind can ensure full harmonisation of the European system for charging heavy goods vehicles, thus facilitating efficient travel through Member States without unnecessary delays.
I voted in favour of María Muñiz De Urquiza's report on the EU as a global actor and its role in multilateral organisations. I would like to stress once again the need to better coordinate actions of the EU Member States in the UN and, in particular, in the UN Human Rights Council.
I voted in favour of Mr Audy's report because I consider investment in the research and innovation sector to be fundamental to competitiveness, growth and job creation in the EU. I consider the mid-term review of the Seventh Framework Programme for research and development 2007-2013 to be particularly useful for the purpose of drawing useful conclusions based on an evaluation of the current situation. I welcome the rapporteur's proposal to simplify financing procedures and to adopt a performance-driven approach and the criteria of 'excellence' and 'European added value' in EU spending.
I voted in favour of Mr Coelho's report on the full application of the provisions of the Schengen acquis in Bulgaria and Romania.
I voted in favour of Mr Falbr's report because I consider that the promotion of corporate social responsibility in Europe needs to be increased, in a bid to respond directly to the need to defend common values and to increase solidarity and cohesion between Europeans.
I voted in favour of Mr Itälä's report, but I have reservations about recital 113. I totally disagree with this recital, which proposes a new system for interpretation services for 'working groups'. I cannot agree with it, because the proposed system: does not square with the principle of equal treatment of the Union's official languages and of their users; will eventually undoubtedly lead to the exclusion of languages other than the six mentioned; will, in practice, be impossible to run in a workable fashion, for the simple reason that the member concerned will have to submit a request for interpretation in a supplementary language before they get to see the agenda; risks turning the language policy into a power game.
I voted in favour of Mr Karim's reports.
I voted in favour of Mr Mitchell's report because it defines essential and correct directions for the future adoption and operation of the financing instrument for development cooperation by learning useful lessons from the use currently being made of this development cooperation tool. EU funds for development cooperation are a real mechanism for combating poverty and promoting democratisation and development in developing countries.
I voted in favour of Mr Moreira's report on customs security measures because I feel it is important that well-defined trade rules be established for a country which, while not part of the EU, is an enclave within it, and thus perfectly placed for commercial integration.
I voted in favour of Mrs Ferreira's report because I believe that an EU-coordinated surveillance mechanism for the identification and prevention of macroeconomic imbalances is important, as is a procedure for the correction of excessive imbalances.
I voted in favour of Mrs McCarthy's report, which requests the Commission to propose a European Order for the Preservation of Assets and a European Order for the Disclosure of Assets.
I voted in favour of Mrs Serracchiani's report on the conclusion of the agreement between the European Union and the Republic of Croatia on the participation of the Republic of Croatia in the work of the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction because I believe it would represent a highly beneficial exchange for both parties.
I voted in favour of Mrs Ţicău's report as Canada should be seen as a priority partner for agreements of this kind, given that both Europe and Canada have world-leading aircraft manufacturers.
I voted in favour of Mrs Ţicău's report because the project under examination meets many expectations of those looking to developments in research and technology with optimism. EGNOS and Galileo are projects that will generate approximately EUR 60 billion of indirect benefits to the European Union economy and society, in the form of enhanced road and aviation security, reduced air pollution and pesticide consumption, new jobs and public safety, generating very significant value for money.
I voted in favour of Mrs Ţicău's report, which gives the European Parliament's green light for applying an Agreement between the European Community and Canada on civil aviation safety.
I voted in favour of Parliament's resolution on credit rating agencies (CRAs) because I agree that it is essential to reduce the unfair competition caused by the CRAs' common practice of assessing market participants while simultaneously obtaining orders from them. I believe the Commission should carefully assess the potential use of alternative instruments to measure credit risk.
I voted in favour of adopting the annual report on the main aspects of the common foreign and security policy (CFSP) in 2009.
I voted in favour of adopting the final compromise as it marks an important step forward for consumer protection, offering additional legal certainty for both consumers and traders. I think that the directive offers numerous merits, one of which is maximum harmonisation for distance selling and off-premises contracts, with a few exceptions.
I voted in favour of authorising discharge of the 2009 budget of the Court of Justice because I believe its formal and substantial accuracy is the result of extremely competent work done by all the staff of this institution.
I voted in favour of authorising the 2009 discharge in respect of budget of the Joint Undertaking for ITER and the Development of Fusion Energy because the report shows that the accounts and the pertinent transactions are held to be reliable.
I voted in favour of granting 2009 discharge in respect of the general budget of the European Union because I take the view that the funds have been managed in a transparent and, overall, efficient way, including in the light of the particular circumstances that the European economy encountered in the period in question.
I voted in favour of granting 2009 discharge to Eurojust since, as the report shows, it has managed its resources extremely well and, by using many indicators to explain its financial situation, has also done so extremely transparently. I do however regret the continued requests that the Court of Auditors has had to make regarding public procurement and recruitment procedures, which have still not received an adequate response or solution.
I voted in favour of granting 2009 discharge to the Artemis Joint Undertaking because it has managed its finances extremely well for an agency which is still in the start-up period. I therefore think that improvements can be made in the future and that the inconsistencies reported in the accounts for this financial year can be corrected.
I voted in favour of granting 2009 discharge to the European Agency for the Management of Operational Cooperation at the External Borders of the Member States of the European Union (Frontex) because, as the report states, its accounts and transactions, taken as a whole, are shown in the analysis to be positive, regular and legal.
I voted in favour of granting 2009 discharge to the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control because the rapporteur has succeeded in identifying the most significant problems in terms of the transparency and accuracy of the accounts and because I am confident that this important and useful Agency will work on its administration in order to improve the areas pointed out, without undoing the good work that it has already done.
I voted in favour of granting 2009 discharge to the European Commission because, despite the difficulties in managing these funds, the result obtained by the Court of Auditors shows objective improvements.
I voted in favour of granting 2009 discharge to the European Network and Information Security Agency having read in this detailed report of the regularity of the procedures adopted and of the specific areas that appeared to lack transparency.
I voted in favour of granting 2009 discharge to the Joint Undertaking for the Implementation of the Joint Technology Initiative on Innovative Medicines because, as the report shows, the Court of Auditors has deemed the Undertaking's accounts and the underlying transactions to be reliable. I think, however, that even though it is to some extent justifiable as it is still in the start-up phase, the Undertaking should complete the implementation of its control systems and operate more carefully and transparently in the coming years.
I voted in favour of granting 2009 discharge to the SESAR Joint Undertaking because that recently formed undertaking has convinced the Court of Auditors of its reliability.
I voted in favour of granting Pakistan emergency trade preferences for textile and other products in the EU in order for these trade preferences not simply to be a purely token measure that filled the pockets of the corrupt elites in Pakistan. I call for effective control over the increased income by democratic trade unions to ensure that the money is directed towards rebuilding schools and hospitals in the areas affected by flooding.
I voted in favour of granting Parliament discharge in respect of its 2009 budget because I take the view that, overall, the resources have been managed wisely. I remain highly sceptical about the division between the three places of work: it creates waste and stress and, symbolism aside, I think there is a fairly urgent need to take steps to get rid of this tripartite system, which has an economic and environmental cost.
I voted in favour of granting additional aid to Georgia.
I voted in favour of granting discharge in respect of the 2009 budget of the Clean Sky Joint Undertaking because, despite a number of irregularities in the Undertaking's budget, I think that we can be confident of future improvements in its auditing performance since it is still in the start-up phase.
I voted in favour of granting discharge in respect of the 2009 budget of the European Agency for Safety and Health at Work because I think that, despite some inconsistencies identified by the Court of Auditors in the management of some funds and irregularities with respect to a procurement procedure, it can be said that the management on the whole has been good.
I voted in favour of granting discharge in respect of the 2009 budget of the European Foundation for the Improvement of Living and Working Conditions because the audit conducted by the Court of Auditors on the accounts and the underlying transactions shows that the Foundation has done correct, timely and transparent work.
I voted in favour of granting discharge in respect of the 2009 budget of the European GNSS Supervisory Authority because it has been well managed in accounting terms and the figures provided are considered reliable.
I voted in favour of granting discharge in respect of the 2009 general budget of the European Chemicals Agency since the report shows that, despite several gaps and imperfections in the accounts, partly due to the recent creation of this Agency, its performance in terms of controls and budget management has steadily improved.
I voted in favour of granting discharge in respect of the 2009 general budget of the European Food Safety Authority, not only because the Court of Auditors has declared that the accounts are reliable and that the underlying transactions are regular and legal, but also because the Agency has allocated some funds from its reserve for the completion of a number of important projects in infrastructure, information technology development and scientific cooperation, for example.
I voted in favour of granting discharge in respect of the 2009 general budget of the European Maritime Safety Authority because, despite the previous absence of a multiannual programme and significant concern over the high number of budget transfers in 2008, the Agency has shown improvements in its management and, taken as a whole, the Court of Auditors had a positive view of the annual accounts and the underlying transactions.
I voted in favour of granting discharge in respect of the 2009 general budget of the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction as it has managed its resources prudently and in line with expectations.
I voted in favour of granting discharge in respect of the 2009 general budget of the European Railway Agency since, as the report shows, it managed its resources well overall. I also agree on the need to make a number of improvements in the area of auditing the accounts and managing the budget in order to reduce the level of carryovers and cancellations, which is still too high.
I voted in favour of granting discharge in respect of the European Union general budget for the financial year 2009, Section V - Court of Auditors.
I voted in favour of granting the European Economic and Social Committee discharge in respect of its 2009 budget because, despite the issues raised by the recent European Anti-Fraud Office (OLAF) investigation, I am confident that it is possible to clarify the aspects that were not transparent and to improve reporting procedures for the future.
I voted in favour of it, and I hope this Parliament will continue to make a contribution towards the goal of enhancing EU strategic autonomy in security affairs.
I voted in favour of postponing the decision on discharge for the 2009 financial year, as the Court of Auditors qualified its opinion on the legality and regularity of the transactions underlying the accounts for the 2009 financial year.
I voted in favour of the Audy report on the mid-term review of the Seventh Framework Programme on research and development.
I voted in favour of the Dess report entitled 'The CAP towards 2020: meeting the food, natural resources and territorial challenges of the future'. I am delighted that this document calls for the continuation of a strong and sustainable common agricultural policy (CAP). To achieve this, a budget commensurate with the ambitious objectives to be pursued is required.
I voted in favour of the Deß report on the common agricultural policy, which evaluates the communication from the European Commission on the CAP towards 2020.
I voted in favour of the Falbr report because, with the role of the International Labour Organisation (ILO) having recently been downgraded, I think we need to remember the importance of respecting the social rights of workers in the world.
I voted in favour of the Gualtieri report.
I voted in favour of the Mitchell report because we need to learn the lessons of the last four years of using Regulation (EC) No 1905/2006 establishing a financing instrument for development cooperation (DCI). On this occasion, the objectives and scope for this development aid must be very clearly defined.
I voted in favour of the Schwab report, which strengthens the rights of consumers and safeguards them in particular when they are the weak contractual party, for example when they make purchases away from business premises.
I voted in favour of the Stavrakakis report because I believe that the various European funds available for implementing regional policies should be made easier to use. I refer in particular to the development of synergies for an integrated approach between the different sectoral policies that exist in the field of regional policy, as highlighted in the report.
I voted in favour of the Stavrakakis report proposing to postpone the decision on discharge for the European Medicines Agency (EMEA) in respect of the 2009 financial year.
I voted in favour of the alternative motion for a resolution on corporate governance in financial institutions as it tables proposals which would ensure improvements in corporate governance structures throughout the EU, taking into account the fact that the financial sector must respond to the needs of the real economy, contribute to sustainable growth and demonstrate greater social responsibility.
I voted in favour of the authorisation to discharge the Eighth, Ninth and Tenth European Development Funds for 2009. I did so because, on reading the report, I was able to see how effectively the resources have been managed with respect to achieving the established objectives.
I voted in favour of the candidature of Mr. Mario Draghi as next President of the European Central Bank for his great competence and his progressive view on the governance of the global financial system.
I voted in favour of the conclusion of the Agreement on civil aviation safety between the European Community and Canada because I feel it presents a clear advantage for the European Union in so much as it establishes mutual recognition of documentation supplied in all sectors relevant to aviation for all the Member States.
I voted in favour of the draft Council Regulation concerning the extension of the scope of the regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on the professional cross-border transport of euro cash between euro area Member States. I voted in favour of it because I consider that extending the scope of the regulation is necessary and will resolve problems relating to the safety of the personnel responsible for transportation.
I voted in favour of the identification of new parameters more representative of a country's progress, and not just its consumption, although I think more should be done.
I voted in favour of the joint motion for a resolution on Sudan and South Sudan because I support all development efforts being made by the EU in order to restore peace and reconstruct this long-suffering area.
I voted in favour of the motion for a resolution on guaranteeing independent impact assessments.
I voted in favour of the rapporteur's proposals, in spite of the cost overruns recorded in the implementation of the project, because I understand that the EU should be at the forefront of researching and developing cutting-edge technology, especially when that same technology represents a scientific and economic asset to the EU.
I voted in favour of the report '2009 discharge: performance, financial management and control of EU agencies' in order to acknowledge that the functioning of all EU agencies needs to be further improved.
I voted in favour of the report because I agree that, when the Commission carries out its economic reading of the scoreboard in connection with the alert mechanism, it should pay particular attention to the evolution of the real economy, including economic growth and employment and unemployment rates; nominal and real convergence inside and outside the euro area; the development of productivity and its main drivers, such as research and development and external or internal investment; and trends at sectoral level, including energy, which affect the performance of both gross domestic product and current account balance.
I voted in favour of the report because it is essential to be able to offer consumers a certain level of protection even when they make purchases outside their own country.
I voted in favour of the report by Mr Coelho proposing the accession of Bulgaria and Romania to the 'Schengen area'. This is one of the greatest achievements of the European integration process.
I voted in favour of the report by Mr Falbr since it focuses precisely on the importance of safeguarding human rights and the fact that the European social model is an important starting point, including in terms of the Union's external relations.
I voted in favour of the report by Mr Manders.
I voted in favour of the report by Mr Milan Zver on the Commission initiative 'Youth on the Move'. Its objective is to ensure that measures are taken to combat the problems of early school leavers and to provide incentives to increase the number of Europeans with a higher education.
I voted in favour of the report by Mr Schwab because I consider it a sound basis on which to negotiate with the Council and the Commission the conclusion of an agreement on the level of harmonisation necessary to obtain consumer rights that can be exercised in every Member State.
I voted in favour of the report by Mrs Matera because the features of the issue presented by Belgium on the mobilisation of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund (EGF) correspond to the conditions required to access this Fund.
I voted in favour of the report by Mrs Ţicău because I think that new technologies such as satellite navigation systems, which are becoming increasingly widespread and benefit all of society, should be applied to the transport sector.
I voted in favour of the report by my fellow Member, Mrs Balzani, defining the position of Parliament in the forthcoming negotiations on the 2012 budget.
I voted in favour of the report entitled Objective 3: the future agenda for cross-border, transnational and interregional cooperation, as it is indispensable to the effectiveness of cohesion policy.
I voted in favour of the report on 'preparing forests for climate change'. In view of forests' potential for climate change mitigation and adaptation, as well as their economic, social and environmental value, there is a need to strengthen EU policy in the area of sustainable development and forest conservation, in particular, legislation on forest fire-risk prevention and management.
I voted in favour of the report on EU environmental economic accounts as I believe that there need to be indicators for sustainable development and public welfare, beyond gross domestic product (GDP), that enable the evaluation of European environmental policy.
I voted in favour of the report on European cooperation in vocational education and training because this issue occupies an important place in the Europe 2020 strategy with the aim of ensuring economic development.
I voted in favour of the report on Romania and Bulgaria joining the Schengen area.
I voted in favour of the report on increased effectiveness between the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF) and the other Structural Funds as I believe that the development of a strategic framework could ensure a common approach and capitalise on synergies between the various existing funds, with a view to achieving the objectives of cohesion policy as defined by the Treaties, thus meeting the expectations of citizens.
I voted in favour of the report on international air agreements under the Treaty of Lisbon, as it highlights the importance of Parliament being 'immediately and fully informed at all stages' of the process of negotiating agreements between the EU and third countries or international organisations.
I voted in favour of the report on the 2009 Commission discharge because it gives an assurance of better management of payments in cases where funds are misused. I could not support some of the paragraphs from the report, which referred to the forthcoming review of the Staff Regulations of Officials of the European Communities.
I voted in favour of the report on the 2009 discharge: performance, financial management and control of EU agencies.
I voted in favour of the report on the Commission's Green Paper entitled 'On forest protection and information in the EU: preparing forests for climate change'. Forests should be thought of as fundamental to combating climate change.
I voted in favour of the report on the European Urban Agenda and its Future in Cohesion Policy, as it underlines the importance of forming networks of cities, sharing best practices and adopting innovative solutions, strengthening the urban dimension of the objective of European territorial cooperation, as well as implementing the partnership principle more effectively in cohesion policy, with a view to the more sustainable development of cities, particularly as regards the modernisation of infrastructure and urban transport networks.
I voted in favour of the report on the Protocol extending to customs security measures the Agreement in the form of an Exchange of Letters between the European Economic Community and the Principality of Andorra, since it encourages trade between both parties while ensuring a high level of customs security and consistency between the agreement and the EU acquis.
I voted in favour of the report on the amendment to Parliament's Rules of Procedure following the establishment of a common transparency register because the principle of transparency should govern all those involved in decision making and in implementing EU policy.
I voted in favour of the report on the amendment to Parliament's Rules of Procedure following the establishment of a common transparency register because the principle of transparency should govern all those involved in decision making and in implementing EU policy. I believe, however, that this register should be mandatory and extended to all the European institutions.
I voted in favour of the report on the creation of a European law of contract for consumers and businesses which will help to facilitate cross-border transactions and strengthen the Internal Market, especially for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and consumers.
I voted in favour of the report on the cross-border, transnational and interregional territorial cooperation initiative.
I voted in favour of the report on the external dimension of social policy, promoting labour and social standards and European corporate social responsibility.
I voted in favour of the report on the fishing opportunities and financial contribution provided for in the Fisheries Partnership Agreement between the European Community and the Democratic Republic of São Tomé and Príncipe, since it provides for the provisional application of a new protocol so that the activity of European ships will not be suspended. I approve of the fact that the new protocol includes a suspension clause in case of a breach of human rights.
I voted in favour of the report on the fishing opportunities and financial contribution provided for in the Fisheries Partnership Agreement between the European Community and the Republic of Seychelles, since it provides for the provisional application of a new protocol so that the activity of European ships will not be suspended. I approve of the fact that the new protocol includes a suspension clause in case of a breach of human rights.
I voted in favour of the report on the implementation of cohesion policy programmes for 2007-2013, as I believe that it is necessary to adapt cohesion policy to the challenges that the European regions are facing, supporting smart, sustainable and inclusive growth.
I voted in favour of the report on the mid-term review of the Galileo programme.
I voted in favour of the report on the participation of Croatia in the work of the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction (EMCDDA) as I believe that this is a positive step, given that Croatia is expected to accede to the EU shortly, bur mainly because the consumption and trafficking of illicit drugs are global phenomena with severe socio-economic and health repercussions.
I voted in favour of the report on the proposal for a regulation of Parliament and of the Council repealing Council Regulation (EC) No 1541/98 on proof of origin for certain textile products falling within Section XI of the Combined Nomenclature and released for free circulation in the Community, and on the conditions for the acceptance of such proof and amending Council Regulation (EEC) No 3030/93 on common rules for imports of certain textile products from third countries. I voted in favour with reservations, but did so because, overall, it is positive and is in line with EU policy commitment to simplify the legislation in force, with a view to creating a better and clearer legislative environment for businesses, mainly with respect to the simplification of customs formalities observed by importers of certain textile products released for free circulation in the Union, and with the objective of making the rules for importing more uniform, by aligning the rules relating to textile imports with those for other industrial goods, which should improve the overall consistency of the legislative environment in this area.
I voted in favour of the report presented by Mr Garriga Polledo on behalf of the Special committee on the policy challenges and budgetary resources for a sustainable European Union after 2013.
I voted in favour of the report since I view the strategic content as a positive and, overall, since the budget is in line with the objectives enshrined in the Europe 2020 strategy.
I voted in favour of the resolution on the EP's annual report on the CFSP.
I voted in favour of the resolution on the charging of heavy goods vehicles as it ratifies an agreement which was difficult to reach, on the revision of the Eurovignette Directive.
I voted in favour of the resolution on the external dimension of the European Union's social policy.
I voted in favour of this Regulation (EC) No 1905/2006 establishing a financing instrument for development cooperation: lessons learned and perspectives for the future. 2011 is a strategic moment to draw lessons from four years of operation of Regulation (EC) No 1905/2006 establishing a financing instrument for development cooperation (DCI). Further simplification and adaptation to new challenges, such as climate change, as well as determining the external dimension of the EU's internal policies, are important aspects that must be taken into consideration. I agree with the provision set out in the resolution that the future instrument for supplying EU development aid must be adequately equipped in financial terms.
I voted in favour of this directive because I believe it has succeeded in striking the right balance between rigour, which is a requirement in this area, and discretion, connected to the economic situation.
I voted in favour of this document because I believe that the incentives for small business set out in the Small Business Act are the way to increase the competitiveness of the European Union.
I voted in favour of this document because Mauritania is one of the poorest countries in Africa, classified as a Heavily Indebted Poor Country, and financially dependent on foreign aid, and has been characterised by considerable political instability.
I voted in favour of this document because it recognises that it is essential to overcome practical obstacles and barriers to mobility and further promote recognition of time spent abroad and of qualifications from other EU countries.
I voted in favour of this document because it welcomes the Commission review of the Small Business Act (SBA) and expresses support for the new proposals focused on further improving access to finance, enhancing market access and reducing the administrative burden, by strengthening governance and monitoring through smart regulation. I believe that the Member States should adopt without delay the last remaining proposals on the European Private Company Statute, which would enable SMEs to trade throughout the EU while cutting costs and encouraging growth in this area.
I voted in favour of this document because the crisis has wiped out millions of jobs and has aggravated job insecurity and poverty - 17% of EU residents are at risk of poverty and 23 million EU residents are unemployed.
I voted in favour of this document because the recent rise in oil prices has affected the economic viability of the fisheries sector and left many fishermen worrying about how to offset these additional costs, as the rise in oil prices is directly affecting fishermen's incomes.
I voted in favour of this document because unlocking the potential of cultural and creative industries necessitates the development, inter alia, of high quality artistic and cultural education, territorialisation, local partnerships, creation and creativity, the sharing of expertise, financing, public/private partnerships and the exchange of good practices.
I voted in favour of this document, because the Director of the European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights is granted discharge in respect of the implementation of the Agency's budget for the financial year 2009.
I voted in favour of this document, because the early years of childhood (pre-school) are critical for cognitive, sensory and motor development and language acquisition, and also lay the foundations for lifelong learning.
I voted in favour of this document, because under Article 179(2) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU), the Union shall 'encourage undertakings, including small and medium-sized undertakings, research centres and universities in their research and technological development activities of high quality; it shall support their efforts to cooperate with one another, aiming, notably, at permitting researchers to cooperate freely across borders and at enabling undertakings to exploit the internal market potential to the full, in particular, through the opening up of national public contracts, the definition of common standards and the removal of legal and fiscal obstacles to that cooperation'. I am utterly convinced that the EU must take an offensive stance and take a firm front runner position in competitiveness, and must therefore invest in an innovation blast.
I voted in favour of this document, codifying Council Directive 70/157/EEC of 6 February 1970 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to the permissible sound level and the exhaust system of motor vehicles.
I voted in favour of this document, codifying Council Directive 76/432/EEC of 6 April 1976 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to the braking devices of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors.
I voted in favour of this document, codifying Council Directive 80/181/EEC of 20 December 1979 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to units of measurement and the repeal of Directive 71/354/EEC.
I voted in favour of this document, codifying Council Directive 80/720/EEC of 24 June 1980 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to the operating space, access to the driving position and the doors and windows of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors.
I voted in favour of this document, codifying Council Directive 86/415/EEC of 24 July 1986 on the installation, location, operation and identification of the controls of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors.
I voted in favour of this document, codifying Council Directive 87/402/EEC of 25 June 1987 on roll-over protection structures mounted in front of the driver's seat on narrow-track wheeled agricultural and forestry tractors.
I voted in favour of this document, codifying Council Directive 92/79/EEC of 19 October 1992 on the approximation of taxes on cigarettes, Council Directive 92/80/EEC of 19 October 1992 on the approximation of taxes on manufactured tobacco other than cigarettes and Council Directive 95/59/EC of 27 November 1995 on taxes other than turnover taxes which affect the consumption of manufactured tobacco.
I voted in favour of this document, repealing Council Regulation (EC) No 1541/98 on proof of origin for certain textile products falling within Section XI of the Combined Nomenclature and released for free circulation in the Community, and on the conditions for the acceptance of such proof and amending Council Regulation (EEC) No 3030/93 on common rules for imports of certain textile products from third countries.
I voted in favour of this document.
I voted in favour of this important document.
I voted in favour of this important resolution on Investing in the future: a new Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF) for a competitive, sustainable and inclusive Europe. I support the rapporteur that with the rejection of the option of freezing the resources, as proposed by five Heads of Government in December 2010 (France, United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Germany and Finland), the European Parliament is sending a strong political signal for the negotiations between the 27 Member States, due to start after the official presentation of the European Commission proposal expected on 29 June.
I voted in favour of this important resolution on the application of the Schengen acquis in Bulgaria and Romania. I agree with the rapporteur's position that, although there are some outstanding issues that will require regular reporting and a follow-up at some point in the future, they do not constitute an obstacle to full Schengen membership for these two Member States.
I voted in favour of this important resolution on the state of play of the EU-India free trade agreement negotiations.
I voted in favour of this joint position on the Eurovignette Directive presented at second reading by the Council and Parliament.
I voted in favour of this motion for a resolution on the EU-Mauritania Fisheries Partnership Agreement because I consider the renewal of the agreement, which should include a human rights clause, positive. I think it is necessary to continue helping the country further to develop a responsible fisheries policy which meets requirements regarding conservation of fisheries resources.
I voted in favour of this own-initiative report because the increasingly important contribution of the aviation sector brings with it many advantages for the European economy, but also quite a few disadvantages. I believe that the institution to which I belong, namely Parliament, should be given greater supervisory powers so that it has a full understanding of the types of agreement that do or do not deserve its consent.
I voted in favour of this parliamentary recommendation to the Council so that the Council may proceed, on behalf of the EU, to adopt the Agreement on Port State Measures to Prevent, Deter and Eliminate Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing.
I voted in favour of this particular report on macroeconomic imbalances because it addresses the details about the current debt issue in some member states, and more importantly, it offers a progressive method to solve such a serious problem concerning not only short-term but also long-term consequences. I believe that Europe needs progressive investment to help with economic growth and job creation, and therefore simply just cutting budgets could only undermine the entire economic and political system in the long term.
I voted in favour of this proposal for a regulation because it creates new uses for national accounts data, environmental statistics and other statistical domains.
I voted in favour of this recommendation as I believe that the scope of this regulation should be able to be extended to the territory of any Member State about to join the euro.
I voted in favour of this recommendation because I approve of the conclusion of an agreement which, on the one hand, will benefit European and Canadian companies and airlines by saving millions of euro, thanks to shorter and simpler certification procedures, and, on the other hand, will ensure a higher level of security for passengers.
I voted in favour of this recommendation because I believe the scope of the regulation on the professional cross-border transport of euro cash by road between Member States should be extended to the territory of countries that are about to introduce the single currency.
I voted in favour of this recommendation because I feel it corresponds to the best interests of both parties.
I voted in favour of this report and endorsed discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the European Agency for Safety and Health at Work for the financial year 2009.
I voted in favour of this report as I believe that businesses have a social responsibility - towards their employees and customers, the environment and society at large. A new term has been added to the German dictionary: Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR). This is - and should remain - a voluntary matter.
I voted in favour of this report as I believe that the application of the proposed Action Plan on the Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) will contribute to the establishment of a transport network that is more efficient through safer, more environmentally friendly and more economical modes of transport.
I voted in favour of this report as I understand that the analysis therein is extremely relevant to the development of a common security and defence policy (CSDP). The tabled document maximises the EU's role, strengthening the synergies between Member States, and between them and the EU institutions.
I voted in favour of this report as it introduces a range of measures to successfully address a number of societal challenges, specifically climate change, energy and resource scarcity, population ageing, and problems accessing public services and quality healthcare.
I voted in favour of this report as it is important to clarify matters at a time when the role of lobbies is still giving rise to much debate and, at times, conjecture among European citizens.
I voted in favour of this report as it significantly improves cooperation between committees, as part of the necessary parliamentary reform.
I voted in favour of this report as it was an improvement on the original Commission text. I particularly welcome the provisions for upholding workers' rights and the importance of a comprehensive assessment of economic performance, particularly including employment.
I voted in favour of this report as the Council's annual report provides a clear view of the policies and actions of the EU's common foreign and security policy (CFSP) and contributes to strengthening interinstitutional dialogue.
I voted in favour of this report because I agree that Croatia's participation in the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction (EMCDDA) is vital for combating illicit drug use and trafficking, both within Croatia itself, and throughout the EU. As a coastal state on the EU's external borders, Croatia is used as a transit country in international drugs trafficking, and it is therefore especially important for the EU to provide this country's national institutions with all the assistance necessary for combating a phenomenon that poses a particular threat to health and social stability.
I voted in favour of this report because I agree that demographic changes and increasing longevity mean that working lives will be more varied, and retraining and participation in lifelong learning have already become a necessity.
I voted in favour of this report because I agree that it is very important to continuously improve the quality of EU law making, and this report sets out concrete proposals for improving the law making process both within the European Parliament and the Commission.
I voted in favour of this report because I agree with its underlying spirit: to simplify and harmonise EU legislation on imports of textile products in order to facilitate trade with third countries. I believe, in fact, that the limited trade policy measures applied by the EU in the textiles sector can be managed entirely without imposing the excessive burden of presenting proof of origin for all imports.
I voted in favour of this report because I believe it takes due account of the role played by the agricultural sector from an economic and employment point of view, and in the field of sustainable development and biodiversity preservation.
I voted in favour of this report because I believe that an appropriate mid-term review of the Seventh Framework Programme of the European Union for research, technological development and demonstration activities is particularly important for establishing whether the programme's implementation accords with the objectives set.
I voted in favour of this report because I believe that an excellent job has been done, despite the complexity of the issue.
I voted in favour of this report because I believe that, within the European Union, individual Member States still deliver early education very differently from one another.
I voted in favour of this report because I consider it essential that the Commission pursues its efforts to ensure a better definition of the creative cultural industries (CCIs) as part of their greater recognition by civil society. I foresee great potential for the CCIs, especially if we consider the possible and necessary cooperation with universities, research centres and art schools, with which we can set up a network of joint training programmes and lifelong learning.
I voted in favour of this report because I entirely agree that following the natural catastrophe that recently struck Japan, and which was the greatest in the country's history, the EU can and must help this country's economy to recover quickly.
I voted in favour of this report because I share the rapporteur's views concerning the focal points of the common agricultural policy reform for the period after April 2013.
I voted in favour of this report because it clearly points out that the EU agricultural budget in the next financing period has to be maintained at least at the same level as the 2013 considering that only with adequate financial resources will be possible to meet the challenges of food security and environmental protection.
I voted in favour of this report because it highlights how important it is for young people to have a multidisciplinary education, as far as the targets of the EU 2020 strategy are concerned.
I voted in favour of this report because it is necessary to amend Parliament's Rules of Procedure following the establishment by the European Parliament and the Commission of a common transparency register. I would like to underline that following the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon, Parliament's powers have been strengthened and it is now colegislator in almost all areas under the ordinary legislative procedure.
I voted in favour of this report because it sets out the situation relating to credit rating agencies (CRAs) clearly and objectively. I, too, believe that CRAs play a necessary and extremely useful role in distilling and simplifying the torrent of information about the financial markets, both in terms of the solvency and reliability of debt issuers as well as in terms of individual financial instruments.
I voted in favour of this report because it stresses the importance of agreeing on a systemic approach to setting up a coherent 'Beyond GDP system' to contribute to improved policy analysis. GDP is an indicator of economic activity that has become a standard benchmark used by policy makers throughout the world.
I voted in favour of this report because its aim is to create maximum opportunities for business and individual consumers to take advantage of wireless Internet, radio and television services, freeing up radio spectrum.
I voted in favour of this report because its primary aim is to repeal the EU regulation currently in force, laying down additional requirements proving the origin of textile products imported into the EU, thus simplifying the legislation in force and creating a better and clearer legislative environment for businesses.
I voted in favour of this report because the Council's annual report provides a consistent overview of the direction and actions of the common foreign and security policy (CFSP). It is very important for the Council to continue to focus, above all, on regional conflicts and react to them swiftly.
I voted in favour of this report because the European Union must continue to enhance its security strategy, uphold its values, pursue its interests, and protect its citizens, thereby contributing to the preservation of international peace and global security.
I voted in favour of this report because there are still cases where the conventions and agreements of the International Labour Organisation are not properly implemented or only partially implemented and the principles of corporate social responsibility are violated.
I voted in favour of this report because there has been a sharp increase in political and humanitarian crises in the world, which calls for improved and more preventive EU multilateral action.
I voted in favour of this report because, as it clearly points out, young people are the real resource of the future.
I voted in favour of this report for two main reasons.
I voted in favour of this report on the annual report from the Council to Parliament on the main aspects and basic choices of the common foreign and security policy (CFSP) in 2009, as I agree with the majority of the observations made by Parliament. I would stress the fact that the report does not propose possible approaches for resolving the conflicts and issues that it presents in such a transparent way.
I voted in favour of this report on the development of the common security and defence policy (CSDP) following the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon.
I voted in favour of this report on the future of the common agricultural policy (CAP). As a result of the negotiations and the vote in the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, this document, though still too vague, has evolved significantly and is now trying to bring about real reform of the CAP.
I voted in favour of this report on the management of spent fuel and radioactive waste to send a clear message to the Member States: polluters must be held responsible for their waste.
I voted in favour of this report on the proposal for a Council decision on the conclusion of an agreement between the European Community and Canada on civil aviation safety.
I voted in favour of this report on the proposal for a European Parliament and Council Directive on Consumer Rights.
I voted in favour of this report proposing that the register of interest groups should cover all the different European institutions.
I voted in favour of this report since I consider it absolutely essential to strengthen European policies on the conservation and sustainable management of forests, whose incalculable economic, social and environmental value it is important to preserve.
I voted in favour of this report to enable the transformation of a report which is all too often about exploitation and the law, in an area which represents between 5 and 9% of all jobs within the European Union.
I voted in favour of this report, but I think we should have been clearer and stronger in our demands when it comes to the mechanism of sanctions and penalties.
I voted in favour of this report, which aims to acknowledge and enhance the economic and social importance of the cultural and creative industries (CCIs). Focusing EU attention on these industries and organising their potential through a coherent strategy, including funding, meets at least two of the priorities that Lega Nord has always upheld.
I voted in favour of this report, which recommends public policies in favour of childcare that are a step in the right direction.
I voted in favour of this report, which represents an important contribution to the European added value of cross-financing between the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF) and the European Social Fund (ESF) in terms of increased flexibility for social inclusion projects and integrated urban development programmes.
I voted in favour of this report, which will enable the exponential demand for access to high frequency-consuming mobile Internet to be met in the short term, in particular, through the allocation of the entire 800 MHz band, freed up by the changeover to digital television in our various countries, to electronic communications services.
I voted in favour of this report. A sound assessment of European environmental policy is only possible if reliable data is available.
I voted in favour of this report. I was keen in particular that we should ensure effective monitoring of the trends of imports of products covered by this Regulation as far in advance as possible and establish customs surveillance on these imports. I am also in favour of the idea that a quarterly report should be submitted on the application and implementation of the monitoring.
I voted in favour of this resolution because I feel that the European Parliament's contribution to the debate on how money from the EU budget should be distributed in future (2014-2020), and which areas should be financed to help Europe recover following the global crisis, is particularly important.
I voted in favour of this resolution because cooperation at European Union level in the field of vocational training is a very important factor for achieving the Europe 2020 goals and reducing the level of youth unemployment. I agree with the proposal that, in forming a vocational education and training system, every Member State should devote particular attention to low-skilled workers, migrants, people with disabilities and other socially vulnerable groups.
I voted in favour of this resolution because ensuring that young citizens can travel and work throughout the EU is essential in order to boost competitiveness. EU 2020 objectives can be achieved by investing in programmes that provide young people with a wide variety of opportunities and promote labour market mobility.
I voted in favour of this resolution because it calls for the use of the Seventh Framework Programme (FP7) to take account of the different consequences in each Member State of the economic crisis for the final years of the programme (2011-2013), given the considerable sums (EUR 28.8 billion over three years) still to be programmed, the objectives to be achieved for EU 2020 and preparation for a European Research Area and the Innovation Union.
I voted in favour of this resolution because it emphasises the pivotal role that the European Union wants and should play with respect to third countries, especially with the EU's trading partners.
I voted in favour of this resolution on EU policy in the short and medium term on transport applications of Global Navigation Satellite Systems, above all because, across the entire EU, significant attention should be paid to the GNSS and Galileo projects in the transport sector.
I voted in favour of this resolution on European cooperation in vocational education and training to support the Europe 2020 strategy.
I voted in favour of this resolution on GDP and beyond - Measuring progress in a changing world. GDP is an indicator of economic market activity that has become a standard benchmark used by policy makers throughout the world.
I voted in favour of this resolution on a decision of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing the first radio spectrum policy programme. I agree with the rapporteur's opinion that the need for one single internal market is crucial for Europe to take a leadership in the global economy, with a focus on the service sector and the knowledge economy.
I voted in favour of this resolution on guaranteeing independent impact assessments. I agree with the rapporteur that impact assessments (IAs) are a key instrument in the legislative process, and one which European legislators should make greater use of in future. IAs show legislators the possible consequences of their policy options and help them make a decision. IAs can thus make a significant contribution to better law making.
I voted in favour of this resolution on the Commission Green Paper on forest protection and information in the EU: preparing forests for climate change.
I voted in favour of this resolution on the external dimension of social policy, promoting labour and social standards and European corporate social responsibility.
I voted in favour of this resolution on the grounds that the Council's 2009 annual report on the common foreign and security policy (CFSP) - whose transparency I commend - stresses the importance of the European Union continuing to develop its foreign policy objectives, and to promote its values and interests at international level, with the general aim of contributing to peace, to security, to solidarity, to conflict prevention, to the promotion of democracy, to the protection of human rights, to gender equality, to respect for international law, to support for international institutions, to effective multilateralism, to mutual respect between nations, to sustainable development, to free and fair trade, and to the eradication of poverty.
I voted in favour of this resolution on the proposal for a decision of the European Parliament and of the Council providing further macro-financial assistance to Georgia.
I voted in favour of this resolution, because a well-functioning procurement market is particularly important for fostering the Single Market and stimulating innovation.
I voted in favour of this resolution, not only because of the importance of the upcoming 66th session of the UN General Assembly, but also because it is vitally important that the EU finally steps up cooperation and coordination in this and all other UN bodies.
I voted in favour of this resolution, which has the merit of simplifying the existing system concerning the labelling of textile products, as well as encouraging the development and uptake of new fibres and shortening the time between the submission of an application and the adoption of a new fibre name.
I voted in favour of this resolution. A well-functioning procurement market is particularly important for fostering the integrity of the Single Market and stimulating innovation, and for achieving optimal value for public authorities and tax payers.
I voted in favour, particularly in consideration of the amendment in which we see that: 'Without prejudice to the conditions set out in paragraph 1, entitlement to benefit from the preferential arrangements introduced by Article 1 is subject to respect for human rights, including core labour rights, and the fundamental principles of democracy by Pakistan.' Respect for human rights must be a necessary precondition for any kind of agreement with third countries.
I voted in favour. I must point out, however, that we need to identify better ways to use the revenues, making it mandatory for the Member States to invest these resources to improve the trans-European transport network (TEN-T) and infrastructure for reducing pollution.
I voted on Wednesday, 8 June for an increase in the 2014-2020 budget.
I voted on this report because it presents the European Parliament's reaction to the Green Paper published by the Commission, intended to begin public consultation on forest protection and preparing forests for climate change throughout the European Union.
I voted to give discharge to Eurojust and congratulate the agency for establishing measures to estimate the market value of relevant products/services before commencing a procurement procedure. I consider this initiative an important practice to be followed by other agencies. I welcome, in addition, the agency's annual procurement plan for 2009 which greatly helped Eurojust's units and services in the management of their tenders. I consider that these initiatives improve the authorising officer's guidance and control.
I voted to give discharge to European Foundation for the Improvement of Living and Working conditions but call on the Foundation to make sure that appropriations are made available only when the corresponding assigned revenue has been received; notes, in fact, that the Court of Auditors reported that, contrary to its Financial Regulation (Article 19), the Foundation's budget did not provide for specific headings for various programmes financed from assigned revenue; notes, moreover, that under a programme financed by assigned revenue, the Foundation committed EUR 184 000, although the assigned revenue actually received was only EUR 29 000. I regret that the Court of Auditors was compelled to comment on the budgetary and financial statement of the Foundation, especially to the effect that the initial provisional accounts presented by the Foundation contained serious shortcomings, pointing to significant weaknesses in the financial organisation of the Foundation; welcomes the Foundation's confirmation that it will ensure, through additional training and resources, that its implementation of year-end procedures and its adherence to the deadlines for the presentation of its accounts is correct
I voted to give discharge to Frontex, but observe that the Court of Auditors reported, for the second year running, that the agency paid out amounts on the basis of unilateral grant decisions signed by the agency, while the rules in force make no provision for this type of instrument. I note that the amount paid out was more than EUR 28 000 000 in 2009, and was EUR 17 000 000 in 2008. I welcome, nevertheless, the agency's initiative, made in response to the Court's observation, of signing a framework Partnership Agreement with Member State border authorities.
I voted to give discharge to the European Agency for Safety and Health at Work. I welcome the Agency's initiative of providing the discharge authority with the Internal Audit Service (IAS)'s Annual Internal Audit Report. I congratulate the Agency on its considerable progress in this respect.
I voted to give discharge to the European Aviation Safety Agency but urge the Agency to implement an activity-based structure for the operational budget in order to establish a clear link between the work programme and the financial forecasts and improve performance monitoring and reporting; note that the Agency prepares a multiannual plan every year, discussed with all stakeholders and approved by the Management Board, in which the budget per activity is presented; and acknowledge the view of the Court of Auditors that the structure of the Agency's operational budget (Title III) remained partially input-related and that the budget amendments were made without updating the work programme, even when they had a significant impact on the allocation of human and financial resources
I voted to give discharge to the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control and take the view that the Centre's powers must be strengthened so that the Union has an independent capacity to assess the severity of the risk of infection should a pandemic occur, and so that coordination between the Member States can be improved.
I voted to give discharge to the European Centre for the Development of Vocational Training. I congratulate the Centre for introducing a performance measurement system (PMS) in 2009 in respect of its 2009-2011 medium term priorities and its annual work programme, and for having set up a framework of performance indicators to monitor progress and measure output, outcome and impact; I consider, in particular, that the introduction of a PMS helps the Centre manage and evaluate its impact, efficiency, effectiveness and relevance; I believe, furthermore, that this system could include further improvements to the activity-based budget and closer monitoring of payment appropriations to avoid carryovers.
I voted to give discharge to the European Chemicals Agency but call on the Agency to inform the discharge authority of the steps taken to improve its control system by strengthening its financial circuits, workflows, audits, action plans and risk assessments.
I voted to give discharge to the European Data Protection Supervisor (EDPS) but I note the Court of Auditors findings that the EDPS had not put in place a system of ex-post verification, where appropriate, as required by the Financial Regulation, and that the standards of internal control adopted by the EDPS did not provide for exceptions to standard financial procedures to be duly recorded in a central register.
I voted to give discharge to the European Development Funds. I welcome the fact that Parliament, in its report, reiterates its support for EDF budgetisation, which will strengthen the democratic control, accountability and transparency of funding and will provide more coherence in Union policy in relation to the ACP countries.
I voted to give discharge to the European Food Safety Authority, but regret that, for the third successive year, the Court of Auditors pointed out that commitments for operational activities carried over from the previous year had to be cancelled (19 % of commitments for operational activities carried over from 2008, 37 % of commitments for operational activities carried over from 2007 and 26 % of commitments for operational activities carried over from 2006). Parliament urges the Authority to change this situation and to notify the Court of Auditors of the measures taken.
I voted to give discharge to the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addicition and, in doing so, welcome the fact that the Centre has further enhanced the annual forecast of its cash needs; notes that this forecast is constantly updated and submitted as a supporting document to the relevant Commission services to justify the Centre's quarterly request for payment of the next instalment of its annual subsidy allocated by the Union.
I voted to give discharge to the European Network and Information Security Agency and, in doing so, I note with disappointment that there has been no progress since the previous year concerning the refund of EUR 45 000 which is the amount of VAT paid in advance by the Agency to the tax authorities of the host Member State; urges, therefore, the Agency to inform the discharge authority when this refund is made by the host Member State.
I voted to give discharge to the European Railway Agency for its 2009 budget.
I voted to give discharge to the Joint Undertaking for ITER and the Development of Fusion Energy. I am of the opinion that, in view of the size of its budget and the complexity of its tasks, the Joint Undertaking should establish an audit committee, reporting directly to the Governing Board.
I voted to give discharge to the Ombudsman and note, with satisfaction, that in 2009 the Ombudsman was able to help with almost 77% of all complaints and dealt with 70% of inquiries in less than one year, and I welcome the fact that the average length of inquiry was reduced to 9 months (from 13 months in 2008).
I voted to give the European Training Foundation discharge for its 2009 budget and welcome the Foundation's initiative of providing the discharge authority with the IAS Annual Internal Audit Report concerning the Foundation.
I voted to grant discharge to the Artemis Joint Undertaking but I believe that, in view of the size of its budget and the complexity of its tasks, the Joint Undertaking should consider establishing an audit committee reporting directly to the governing board.
I voted to grant discharge to the Clean Sky Joint Undertaking. I recognise that the Joint Undertaking is still in a start-up period. I am concerned, nevertheless, that the research activities pre-financed by the Commission in 2008 on behalf of the Joint Undertaking were not fully implemented during 2009 and that, as a result of delays in the projects, only EUR 8 700 000 or 65 % of the EUR 13 600 000 pre-financing was used. I am particularly concerned that the adoption, structure and presentation of the approved budget of the Joint Undertaking for 2009 were not in line with Regulation (EC) No 71/2008 setting up the Clean Sky Joint Undertaking, or with the Financial Rules of the Joint Undertaking. I therefore urge the Joint Undertaking to rapidly remedy this grave deficiency.
I voted to grant discharge to the Court of Justice, while noting the mixed results in terms of speeding up procedures. I welcome the increase in the number of cases completed by the Court of Justice (377 judgments and 165 orders compared to 333 and 161 respectively in 2008), take note of the number of preliminary ruling cases being the highest ever (302) and welcome the decrease in the number of cases pending at the end of 2009 (741 cases compared to 768 cases at the end of 2008). However, I note with concern that the General Court in 2009 showed a decrease in the number of cases decided and an increase in the duration of the proceedings and that consequently, although the number of new cases in 2009 was lower (568 new cases compared to 629 in 2008), the backlog of pending cases continued to increase (from 1178 in 2008 to 1191 in 2009). I also welcome the fact that the Civil Service Tribunal closed more cases than ever before (155 cases), and that the average duration of a procedure was 15.1 months compared to 17 months in 2008.
I voted to grant discharge to the European Maritime Safety Agency for its 2009 budget but call on the Agency to further reduce the number of posteriori commitments (i.e. legal commitments that were entered into before the corresponding budgetary commitments were made); reminds the Agency that, since 2006, the Court of Auditors has reported infringements of Article 62(1) of the Financial Regulation; welcomes, nevertheless, the Agency's efforts to improve this situation by providing ad hoc training to avoid posteriori commitments.
I voted to oppose the measures in this report relating to the Mercosur Trade deal.
I voted to reject Amendment 20, second part; Amendment 69, second part, as this had been recommended by both S&D voices on the Culture Committee, on which I sit as a substitute member.
I voted today in favour of the opinion of the European Parliament on the full application of the provisions of the Schengen acquis in the Republic of Bulgaria and Romania.
I voted, together with my colleagues from the Socialist Group in the European Parliament, against the resolution that deals with the negotiations for a free trade agreement between the European Union and India because it does not take sufficient account of the social standards with which all trade agreements must comply.
I want to acknowledge the constructiveness of the proposals and the debate, which I feel has been sufficiently vibrant and has fully expressed the mosaic of viewpoints which unite the European Parliament. I think that we come out of this debate, in any case, in a much richer position as a House and with a much improved political profile.
I want to ask President Barroso something directly: yesterday, the spokesman for the European Commission said at the press conference that there was no need for more reverse QMV in the governance package. I would ask you, Mr Barroso, to rectify this. I would ask that the Commission, together with the European Parliament, employ a more Communitarian method for the economic governance package.
I want to assure you that the Commission will continue its efforts to help people affected by this conflict.
I want to congratulate you, the Parliament, those that have been working most on this matter, and also the Hungarian Presidency of the Council, as it has done some very important work as well.
I want to draw attention to the proposal in this report for a financial transaction tax (FTT). A financial transaction tax could deal with two problems at once - how to finance ever-growing demands to put new EU policies in place, and how to make the financial sector contribute to the resolution of the economic crisis that it helped to cause.
I want to inform the Commission and the Council that this is the start of Parliament's campaign to win new rights for our citizens who are the victims of fraud.
I want to look not only southwards but also eastwards, because, on the one hand, I headed a parliamentary delegation to Turkmenistan and, on the other, yesterday I was appointed as Parliament's rapporteur for Russia.
I want to pay particular tribute to the fire services who were out working without sleep for three days or so, and to members of the defence forces - those who were working on the ground or in helicopters.
I want to raise one issue concerning Article 17 in the proposed Convention, which is about the role of agencies. I think this is something that we really should be looking at at European level because, increasingly, it is being seen as a weak link in many of the issues that we are facing.
I want to say firmly and emphatically: there are no substantive reasons, today, to delay Bulgaria and Romania's joining the Schengen area.
I want to state, however, that, contrary to popular opinion, this is not exclusively a problem brought about by intensive agriculture.
I want to welcome the adoption of this report and to underline the importance of Objective 3, which concerns territorial cooperation, in the European Union's cohesion policy.
I wanted another principals meeting in April, and we have prepared a substantial statement based on our position. I continue to believe a negotiated solution is the way forward, and we will stay engaged and have another envoys meeting later this month.
I wanted to express my support for this report on tractors placed on the market under the flexibility scheme because it introduces appropriate measures that take many aspects into account.
I warmly welcome Parliament's resolution on Sudan and South Sudan, which reiterates full respect for the referendum of January 2011, sanctioning the independence of South Sudan.
I was also astounded - I must make that clear - at how quickly Mr Barroso, the President of the Commission, took up the debate rather than taking a corrective European approach.
I was also reminded of the words of the great Irish poet, William Butler Yeats, who said 'peace comes dropping slow'. That was certainly the case in Northern Ireland, where the European Union played a crucial part through its support for the International Fund for Ireland, and that peace was copper-fastened last weekend with successful elections.
I was in Tunisia recently, where I met not only with the government and the President of the Republic, but also with representatives of civil society, women's organisations and trade unions. I saw how important they see our commitment to be, not only in the shape of support from governments, but also that of civil society.
I was keen to vote in favour of this resolution, which calls on the Commission to take strong measures in support of the fishing industry.
I was particularly pleased that we supported Amendment 27, which sensibly rejected the introduction of burdensome and unclear requirements derived from the Water Framework Directive into the cost-compliant system until we have a much clearer picture with regard to its implementation in the various Member States.
I was privileged to be present in East Timor at the birth of the world's first new state of this millennium. I hope that South Sudan can achieve its independence while averting the tragic transition suffered by the people of East Timor and providing peace and prosperity for the Sudanese people, who have suffered too much during the longest running civil war in Africa.
I was rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development on this report. I have endeavoured to emphasise the link that exists between forests and rural communities, based on the economic and social role which forests play as an important source of income and also in agricultural production. I feel that the role of forests in the future common agricultural policy is an important aspect of this.
I was responsible for the discharge of the agencies, where the Committee on Budgetary Control has executed its task of exercising control over the administration of a significant number of decentralised agencies and joint undertakings.
I was responsible for the opinion on the radio spectrum policy programme in the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection, and I am very pleased with the text that has now been voted on. I have been strongly advocating a forward looking and ambitious spectrum policy that would promote new innovations and global competitiveness.
I was surprised by the wish of some political forces in the European Parliament to support former leaders of Ukraine both morally and politically.
I was very glad - I am coming back to this because several speakers referred to the importance it - that all three institutions are progressing in this work. I am sure that after this very important opening by the Hungarian Presidency, we will not waste a minute and we will try to start the interinstitutional talks with the Council as soon as possible so we can find, I am sure, a very accommodating manner in which to manage the register together, the three institutions working on this issue with the same goal of increased transparency of European Union legislation.
I was very pleased by the statement from the Council indicating that it does not foresee any difficulty in joining our register, as Mr Weber has just pointed out. I am hopeful that the Council will follow through on this, because the register will really only be complete if all three institutions of the European Union have a common register and if this register is also mandatory.
I was very pleased to hear the Commissioner's comment with regard to generic drugs that there will be no danger of a negative effect on the patients.
I welcome Croatia's participation in the work of the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction (EMCDDA). The main task of the EMCDDA is to collect data on drugs and drug addiction, and to prepare and publish objective, reliable and comparable information at European level.
I welcome EU activities and initiatives aimed at promoting labour and social standards in third countries, which constitute a guarantee that the growth of the global economy will benefit everyone in the current globalised context. I therefore support the conditions based on social values and human dignity imposed on third countries in order to negotiate with the EU. It is through this type of Union that we will successfully use foreign policy to improve the situation in the world.
I welcome Mr Coelho's report and his proposal on the need for Bulgaria to take additional measures, by preparing a special action plan with Greece and Turkey, due to the problem of illegal immigration on the Greco-Bulgarian border. I repeat my firm position that Dublin II needs to be revised and the Frontex operational office in Greece needs to operate on a permanent basis.
I welcome Mr Leinen's proposal and voted in favour of it. European environmental policy is becoming increasingly important in the light of the economic crisis and the EU 2020 strategy, and a sound assessment of that policy is only possible if reliable data is available.
I welcome S&D amendments to this report at committee stage representing greater transparency in the legislative process and promoting greater ease of access for SMEs and NGOs through the publication of road maps and an extended consultation period.
I welcome and agree with the rapporteur's observations, and I congratulate the CFCA on the work it does.
I welcome the Action Plan on Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) Applications (COM(2010)308), which aims to promote the development of downstream applications through certification, standardisation and coordination with the industry and other countries, as well as by disseminating information, raising awareness, implementing regulatory measures and increasing funding.
I welcome the Commission communication on the SBA review as it deals, to a large extent, with the problems which SMEs are faced with and for which European and national policies will have to come up with a solution.
I welcome the Commission review of the SBA and express support for the new proposals focused on further improving access to finance, enhancing market access and continuing debureaucratisation through strengthened governance and monitoring and through smart regulation and measures such as the SME performance review
I welcome the Commission's Youth on the Move initiative and the fact that it has not forgotten about young people.
I welcome the Commission's proposal, as it simplifies the existing regulatory framework and has the potential to encourage innovation in the textile and clothing sector, whilst allowing fibre users and consumers to benefit more readily from innovative products.
I welcome the Council's annual report and the efforts made to develop a European foreign policy. I consider it of the utmost importance to adopt a position which is harmonious with the Member States' foreign policies, since such cohesion will lead to peace, security, solidarity and conflict prevention at international level.
I welcome the European Parliament's decision to approve the Commission's proposal to allocate a further EUR 46 million in macro-financial assistance to Georgia.
I welcome the Rosbach report because it clearly defines GDP as an indicator of the economic activity of the market and production in the relevant country, but which does not measure environmental sustainability, resource efficiency, social inclusion and social progress. A high GDP, even when calculated per capita, can be misleading because GDP is not distributed equally among the population, which is why it is not a good indicator of quality of life in a society.
I welcome the adoption of Mr Mitchell's report which is aimed at establishing Parliament's position in relation to the new financing instrument designed to regulate the European Union's development cooperation, based on the lessons learned from implementing the Development Cooperation Instrument (DCI) (the financing instrument for development cooperation).
I welcome the adoption of the Audy report on the mid-term review of the Seventh Framework Programme, taking into account the impact of the recent economic crisis, which has particularly affected the capacity of small and medium-sized enterprises to invest in research and development.
I welcome the adoption of the Casini report on the introduction of a transparency register common to both Parliament and the Commission.
I welcome the adoption of the European Parliament's resolution on the Small Business Act Review, which adapts the European support measures for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) to the new context resulting from the 2008 economic crisis, and ensures that they are able to meet the objectives of the Europe 2020 strategy. SMEs were the first to be affected by the financial and banking crisis that has taken place these last few years, which reduced their access to financing and to the markets.
I welcome the adoption of the Sanchez-Schmid report concerning the development of the cultural and creative industries.
I welcome the adoption of the resolution on the review of the 'Small Business Act' with a resounding majority of the European Parliament. SMEs, which represent 99% of European businesses, provide two-thirds of jobs in the private sector and generate over half of the added value created, in total, by businesses operating in the EU. SMEs play a key role in innovation, research and development.
I welcome the adoption of this report which puts the challenges of vocational education and training back at the heart of the concerns of the European Union and its Member States.
I welcome the adoption of this report, which calls for a stronger role for the European Union in the structures of multilateral organisations (United Nations, international financial institutions, North Atlantic Treaty Organisation, Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe, World Trade Organisation, and so on).
I welcome the adoption of this report, which draws attention to the neglect the sector has suffered and calls for recognition and appreciation of the diversity of species existing in the EU, as well as of the need to implement a modern and active forestry policy that is able to take advantage of the area of biomass and of carbon credits, as well as of traditional activities.
I welcome the agreement that has been concluded between the European Parliament and the Council on the extremely complex issue of textile names and related labelling of textile products.
I welcome the agreement which has been reached with the Council at second reading. I believe that this is an agreement which, although it can be improved, will boost the competitiveness of the textile industry, while at the same time providing consumers with better information.
I welcome the clear support for the two-pillar structure and I also welcome today's affirmation from the Commissioner of his support for that as well.
I welcome the compromise and see it as a way forward, but there are many more steps to take on this road to transparency, openness and greater democratic trust.
I welcome the conclusion of the Stabilisation and Association Agreement between the European Union, Albania and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia (FYROM), which aims to establish cooperation between all those sharing the Prespa Lakes basin, so as to ensure integrated protection of the ecosystem and the park's sustainable development.
I welcome the conclusions of the audit of the Court of Auditors, whose annual report states that the audit did not give rise to any significant findings. I also welcome the excellent performance and high quality that continues to characterise the annual reports on the activities of the Committee of the Regions.
I welcome the continuous improvements made in the last few years by the Court of Auditors with regard to the performance of all those in charge of funds.
I welcome the creation and development of the Small Business Act (SBA), which, in my opinion, provides timely solutions for the main obstacles encountered by small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) as regards expanding their activities and becoming established.
I welcome the efforts that have been made towards clarifying Union law in order to make it more accessible to all EU citizens.
I welcome the efforts that have been made towards clarifying Union law in order to make it more accessible to all EU citizens. I am therefore voting for this proposal for a directive on protection structures for narrow-track wheeled agricultural and forestry tractors. I believe that the proposed system of codification drafted using a data processing system is more efficient.
I welcome the efforts that have been made towards clarifying Union law in order to make it more accessible to all EU citizens. I am therefore voting for this proposal for a directive on roll-over protection structures for narrow-track wheeled agricultural and forestry tractors. I believe that the proposed system of codification drafted using a data processing system is more efficient.
I welcome the efforts that have been made towards clarifying Union law in order to make it more accessible to all EU citizens. I am therefore voting for this proposal for a directive on the braking devices of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors. I believe that the proposed system of codification drafted using a data processing system is more efficient.
I welcome the efforts that have been made towards clarifying Union law in order to make it more accessible to all EU citizens. I am therefore voting for this proposal for a directive on the installation, operation and identification of the controls of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors. I believe that the proposed system of codification drafted using a data processing system is more efficient.
I welcome the efforts that have been made towards clarifying Union law in order to make it more accessible to all EU citizens. I am therefore voting for this proposal for a directive on the operating space, access to the driving position and the doors and windows of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors. I believe that the proposed system of codification drafted using a data processing system is more efficient.
I welcome the efforts that have been made towards clarifying Union law in order to make it more accessible to all EU citizens. I am therefore voting for this proposal for a directive on the permissible sound level and the exhaust system of motor vehicles, as I believe that the proposed system of codification drafted using a data processing system is more efficient.
I welcome the efforts that have been made towards clarifying Union law in order to make it more accessible to all EU citizens. I am therefore voting for this proposal for a directive on the structure and rates of excise duty applied to manufactured tobacco. I believe that the proposed system of codification drafted using a data processing system is more efficient.
I welcome the efforts that have been made towards clarifying Union law in order to make it more accessible to all EU citizens. I am therefore voting for this proposal for a regulation on denominations and technical specifications of euro coins intended for circulation. I believe that the proposed system of codification drafted using a data processing system is more efficient.
I welcome the emerging trend for increased funding for scientific research in the European Union.
I welcome the exhaustive analysis carried out by an external consultant, confirming that the financial statements of the European Court of Auditors give a true and fair picture of its financial situation, and also that funds were correctly used for their intended purposes. I also welcome the 2009-2012 audit strategy of the Court of Auditors, which aims to maximise the global impact of its audits and increase efficiency through better use of resources.
I welcome the fact that Parliament is particularly pressing for agreements concluded by the European Union to include mutual recognition of aviation security and safety standards, as well as better safeguards for the protection of passenger rights.
I welcome the fact that this text does not consider the inclusion of young people only through the lens of employment, but also through the lens of education and training.
I welcome the fact that, in the compromise that has now been reached, it is clarified that additional data requirements may only be introduced following a flexibility assessment and that the competence of the Member States must not be encroached upon.
I welcome the ideas that have been taken forward, through the adoption of this report, to enhance synergies between policies with an impact on territories, on the one hand, and between funds, on the other hand, in particular by increasing financing and setting up multiregional programmes. I find it deplorable, however, that the involvement of local and regional powers in the decision-making process is not being viewed as a priority.
I welcome the increase in companies' social responsibility and respectful attitudes towards their own workers.
I welcome the interest shown in the potential of cultural and creative industries (CCIs). I believe in the positive impact that their development can have both in economic terms, by creating jobs and contributing to gross domestic product (GDP), and in social terms, through the social and cultural integration of members of the public. I therefore welcome the intended support for the creative sector, because I think this is the right path towards the lasting and sustainable growth of the European economy, given the global situation these days.
I welcome the majority of over 80% received in the European Parliament during the vote in favour of adopting the report on the fulfilment of the Schengen acquis by Romania and Bulgaria.
I welcome the proposal that when measuring quality of life for society, much attention should be paid to health, education, culture, employment, housing and other similar factors, relating to the core areas of quality of life.
I welcome the recent adoption by the agency of a multiannual work programme for the period 2011-2015 in line with the EU 2020 Strategy. I believe that the multiannual work programme will improve cost-effectiveness through enhanced regional cooperation and the pooling of means under joint deployment plans. I welcome the approval by the Court of Auditors of the granting of discharge.
I welcome the renewal of the protocol to the EU-São Tomé and Príncipe Fisheries Partnership Agreement (FPA), as it benefits the fisheries interests of both the EU and São Tomé and Príncipe.
I welcome the report on European cooperation in vocational education and training and would like to emphasise how important it is to promote lifelong learning through initiatives and Europe-wide programmes in order to make it possible for workers to have a better future.
I welcome the results of today's vote, particularly in view of the fact that I was rapporteur for the document on the air transport agreement between the European Union and the United States, which was a document of particular importance.
I welcome the willingness of Azerbaijan to discuss these methods. I also welcome the role the European Parliament plays in advocating democratic values to the partners in Azerbaijan, including through its work in the EU-Azerbaijan Cooperation Committee.
I welcome the work carried out by the European Maritime Safety Agency. I also believe that the adoption in March 2010 of a five-year strategy represents progress in terms of its actions and improvements to future work. I therefore decided to vote in favour of granting discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the European Maritime Safety Agency for the financial year 2009.
I welcome the work carried out on the basis of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund (EGF), not least in supporting the automotive industry, which has been affected by the economic and financial crisis. I am also voting for the decision to mobilise the EGF in favour of Belgium, for the benefit of workers in the automotive sector, through measures that form a coordinated package of personalised services intended to reintegrate them into the labour market.
I welcome this agreement on the protection and sustainable development of Prespa Park.
I welcome this agreement, the objective of which is to prevent, deter and eliminate IUU fishing through the implementation of effective port State measures, thereby ensuring the long-term conservation and sustainable use of living marine resources and marine ecosystems.
I welcome this initiative by Parliament because the broad consent between the political groups to initiate a debate on small and medium-sized enterprises illustrates their crucial role as a driving force for growth in the EU. The recession is making it even more difficult for small and medium-sized enterprises to raise capital.
I welcome this report as I believe impact assessments to be a key instrument in the legislative process.
I welcome this report which stresses that GDP is an indicator of economic market activity that has become a standard benchmark used by policy makers throughout the world; emphasises that GDP is a measure of production and does not measure environmental sustainability, resource efficiency, social inclusion and social progress in general; underlines furthermore that it can be misleading in the sense that remedial measures following certain incidents such as accidents and natural disasters are treated as a benefit instead of a cost; notes that besides measuring economic development and productivity, there are other indicators that influence and explain the living standards in a country and that have not been quantified until now, although relevant indicators exist; stresses the need to develop additional indicators for measuring the full impact of economic activity.
I welcome this report which, if followed through by the Commission, should help victims of fraud.
I welcome this report, which deals with developing and deploying European systems to exploit Galileo and other satellite systems and their applications in the transport domain.
I welcome this report, which has provisions to allow a greater volume of euro cash to travel to countries which are due to adopt the euro to cope with demand. I supported this report because it improves the safety and training of professionals who transport euro cash.
I welcome this resolution, which warns against too much bureaucracy and red tape for SMEs.
I welcome today's resolution, which highlights progress in negotiations for an EU trade agreement with Canada.
I welcome your statement today on Bosnia and Herzegovina - that was a fine statement, but you have failed to appoint a head for the delegation in Sarajevo.
I welcomed the fact that Mr Manders considered other aspects too, such as the reduced administrative burden for Member States resulting from the transposition into national law of the technical adaptations required by the addition of the names of new textile fibres to the harmonised list.
I welcomed the report because 2011 is a strategic moment to draw lessons from four years of operation of Regulation (EC) No 1905/2006 establishing a financing instrument for development cooperation (DCI). The purpose of this report is to establish at an early stage Parliament's position with regard to a new financing instrument for EU development cooperation, based on the lessons drawn from our scrutiny of the implementation of the DCI. I agreed that a differentiated approach to the diverse group of developing countries is needed, and that traditional financial aid may become less relevant for emerging countries. I believe that aid for emerging countries, while promoting sustainable economic growth, should still focus on reinforcing the partner country's fiscal policy and promoting mobilisation of domestic revenue which should lead to the reduction of poverty and aid dependence.
I welcomed the report because GDP is an indicator of economic market activity that has become a standard benchmark used by policy makers throughout the world.
I welcomed this document because Europe needs to take action immediately, especially where young people are concerned: rising youth unemployment is one of Europe's most pressing challenges.
I welcomed this document because the financial sector should meet the needs of the real economy, help to promote sustainable growth and display the greatest possible degree of social responsibility.
I welcomed this document because this report is a response to the Commission's Communication on the mid-term review of the autonomous European Global Navigation Satellite Systems (GNSS) (Galileo and EGNOS), which assesses the process and implementation so far and launches the debate on its future governance, exploitation and financing.
I welcomed this document because, at the turn of the century, the EU changed its strategy for the external dimension of social policy from a hard to a soft approach, i.e. from focusing on linking social standards with trade agreements to focusing rather on international cooperation and dialogue.
I welcomed this important document because, through Regulation (EC) No 2007/2000, the European Union has granted exceptional unlimited duty-free access to the EU market for nearly all products originating in the countries and territories benefiting from the Stabilisation and Association process.
I welcomed this report because impact assessments (IAs) are a key instrument in the legislative process, and one which European legislators should make greater use of in future.
I wholeheartedly supported this report to strengthen protection for consumers across Wales.
I wholly subscribe to what my colleague, Renate Weber, eloquently said: I do think it a bit rich for those of the same political persuasion as the ruling Fidesz party in Hungary to accuse critics of that constitution of being politically inspired.
I will be supporting an amendment in the Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF) report which limits Member State EU contributions to the rate of inflation (currently 3.2%) or below, as suggested by the Heads of State of the UK, France, Germany, Netherlands and Finland.
I will close with a request of Parliament and the Commission to ensure that the Youth in Action programme does not suffer financial cuts or even abolition in favour of the Youth on the Move programme.
I will conclude by expressing my concern about the incidents and irregularities that have taken place in the administration of the European Economic and Social Committee (EESC). As a European-level forum for expressing opinions and reaching a consensus between the three pillars of our productive and economic life, which are so necessary at this time of crisis, it is a body that seems essential to me. That, then, is reason enough to demand that it be administered as impeccably as the other institutions.
I will conclude by noting that this year we must avoid a repetition of what happened last December, and try instead to find a balance with the Member States from next July's trialogue.
I will continue to oppose a European common forestry policy in future, too. I would instead like to put resources into research, education, information and innovation with regard to how to prevent the effects that climate change will have on our forests.
I will end on a positive note. I want to welcome the release of the three Bulgarian hostages who worked for the UN Humanitarian Air Service and were abducted from Darfur in January.
I will end with a clear message: after 2013, cohesion policy must have at its disposal much-needed and stable resources to be able to exist.
I will listen carefully to the Commission's response about new legislation. I am always concerned that we layer legislation on top of existing laws without looking at the enforcement aspects, and I would ask the Commission to address the issue of enforcement. I think in many areas we do not have sufficient numbers in Member States to correctly keep control and account of the transportation issue, in this case of toxic waste.
I will not forget this, because it was a very, very important signal for me. How can we increase the effectiveness of our investments in research? I believe that the contributions made by the European Research Council (ERC) and the European Institute of Innovation and Technology (EIT) in the area of research are interesting and exciting and could produce good results.
I will now give the floor to Mrs Győri to respond on behalf of the Council, although I understand that you have lost your voice, so a representative will be speaking on your behalf.
I will say one thing, which is perhaps one of the most unpopular messages that could be given in Europe right now. I will say it nevertheless, because I am firmly convinced that it is right.
I will vote based on the rapporteur's suggestion in paragraph 34, with a reservation about mentioning regions falling under these limits. I will also vote in favour of Amendment 5 for clear, strict criteria, which we regard as being of paramount importance in order to avoid difficulties when implementing the new framework.
I will vote in favour of the Ferreira report, as it is the only one that emphatically highlights the crucial importance of retaining a broad macroeconomic perspective which takes into account varying levels of productivity in Member States whilst simultaneously safeguarding fundamental and social rights through the 'Monti clause'. On the other hand, the economic package proposed by all the other reports only maintains further implementation of widespread austerity measures, which have had, and might well continue to have, damaging effects on economic growth.
I will vote in favour of this report because it highlights the importance of moving beyond the current greenhouse gas emissions target of 20% and increasing this to 30% in order to work towards the ambitious 2 degree Celsius objective.
I wish Mr Wessberg every success in the important office for which he has been chosen, and I am convinced that he will carry out the functions for which he has now been appointed with complete dedication and competence.
I wish to comment briefly on the creation of the EU's common foreign policy.
I wish to reassure you that this House has access to a lot of information, either because this information is in the public domain or because Parliament, as part of the budgetary authority, holds hearings with the directors of agencies, on the annual work programmes and on budgetary discharge, in the Employment and Social Affairs Committee.
I wonder about the usefulness of such calculations - what will they actually tell us? I am not as optimistic as the rapporteur and my fellow Members.
I would add that Directive 2000/78/EC establishing a general framework for equal treatment in employment and occupation does not exclude domestic workers, so no amendment is needed for the ratification of the ILO Convention.
I would also ask the Commission to provide an explanation for its rejection of Canada's social and employment policy proposals, which ought to be seen in a positive light for the sustainability chapter.
I would also ask the President to make it clear on behalf of the European Parliament that should any of the teams withdraw on human rights grounds, they would have the support of this Parliament, and that the bloodied name of Bahrain should not stand, this year, alongside the proud European names of the Nürburgring, Monza, Monaco and Silverstone.
I would also be interested to hear what form the discussions with the countries of origin (Tunisia and Egypt, for example) take and whether we Europeans are making headway in this area.
I would also insist on the need for the Commission to examine, with the greatest attention, the issue of social labelling. I believe that consumers should be informed about the social conditions under which a textile product has been manufactured in order to give them greater responsibility for the working conditions of workers in the textile industry.
I would also like to acknowledge the Hungarian Presidency - which inherited this thorny problem only in the final stage of the procedure - for having made every possible effort to make up for lost time. I thank all the Hungarian Presidency representatives for that. I know they do not deserve any blame at all, which is due instead to the stalemate that occurred within the Council between the different national government positions.
I would also like to ask the Commission to sit down with the Member States and work closely with them in this area and not to interfere in their national powers.
I would also like to call on the Commission to concentrate more, when performing impact assessments, on the transparency of the entire assessment process, to strive harder for its independence, and not to aim for just one solution to a problem in its proposals, but to assess multiple variant solutions to a specific situation independently. I would also like to call for a simplification of the process of public consultations, and an extension of the deadlines for submitting concrete proposals, including the possibility of submitting proposals in all official languages of the Union.
I would also like to call on the Commission to consider how it might be possible in Europe to improve the publication of all public procurement notices and to eliminate the administrative burden which prevents European firms from taking part in transboundary public contracts.
I would also like to congratulate the European Parliament and its rapporteur, Mr Swoboda, and also the Hungarian Presidency, which did an excellent job of pushing this so far forward, enabling us to have these very good results at this time.
I would also like to emphasise that there is no conflict between cultural and commercial use. I want us to have ambitions of a kind that will enable us to bring culture into this new technology, rather than reserving the technology for commercial use, which will be the outcome if we are not sufficiently ambitious.
I would also like to inform you that Mrs Koch-Mehrin has informed me of her resignation from the position of Vice-President of the European Parliament with effect from 11 May 2011.
I would also like to mention and to emphasise that we should not forget in this context adequate and all-round focused movement activity aimed precisely at this age group, which can assist in the development of the individual and contribute to better health in the future.
I would also like to mention specifically that this also concerns the issue of the criteria on which simplification and the reduction of red tape are based. CIP is already much less bureaucratic than the Seventh Framework Programme.
I would also like to remind our colleagues from all across the political spectrum that this is a trade agreement and, as such, we should be focusing on the trade aspects.
I would also like to say something to you, Commissioner: it is true that there are some Member States that will and others that will not be able to give this aid, and that, according to you, this will create disparity.
I would also like to say that I am not talking, as one of the previous speakers has done, about crocodile tears and hypocrisy and so on. That is not up to me to say, but let us say in a very neutral way that what has been said tonight is not necessarily consistent with what has been said in the past.
I would also like to thank Mrs Sanchez-Schmid for her contribution.
I would also like to thank all the shadows from the other political groups.
I would also like to thank the rapporteurs for including the proposal put forward by the Committee on Legal Affairs to provide increased access to books for those who are blind or sight-impaired. I hope that this will be able to help these people to an even greater degree to experience the pleasure and strength that literature provides.
I would also like to underscore the profound need for additional investment, both in research into nuclear power and in other important research aimed at anticipating and combating accidents and their adverse effects in the future.
I would also stress the introduction of the reversed qualified majority rule in the Council when decisions are being taken that are essential to the proper functioning of this package.
I would ask all Members for their forbearance with regard to the current discrepancies, as the display is not working.
I would ask the Commission to activate immediately all the necessary mechanisms to compensate the damage to the Spanish and European sector, both financially and in terms of consumer image.
I would ask the President, in that letter, to remind those teams that there is a fine tradition of sportspeople withdrawing from events on human rights grounds - from Muhammad Ali and Vietnam to cricketers refusing to go to South Africa under apartheid and athletes to the Moscow Olympics.
I would ask you to be responsible, therefore.
I would ask, particularly tomorrow, for the Council to reduce the interest rate on Ireland.
I would be pleased if, in the heat of this debate and deliberation, we were to understand that there are certain loopholes that must be closed in legislation in the EU and also in many Member States.
I would be very interested - unfortunately, Commissioner, you did not mention this at all just now - in how you intend to involve the European Parliament in the issuing of the mandate. I have the impression that we would have a great deal to say on the subject of Japan.
I would commend the rapporteur on all the efforts made, but I call for greater consideration and compromise.
I would congratulate the rapporteur on his excellent work, which has resulted in a report enabling us to start drawing up the next Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF) for the post-2013 period, which constitutes a challenge for the Commission and for the Council.
I would first like to highlight an initial point.
I would have liked to have seen stronger wording with regard to the common agricultural policy, and I would also have liked us to have investigated the possibility of making savings in the Structural Funds.
I would immediately stress the importance of including the European Semester in this legislative text, so as to gradually provide an effective platform for joint political discussion of the budgetary policies adopted by all the Member States, which will favour a robust and balanced economic union. I would stress the crucial importance of EU Member States' public finances being in order, as well as the need to adopt increasingly responsible economic policies that ensure stability and growth.
I would just like to point out, as every one of you has done here, that the process of selecting a new Managing Director of the IMF has begun.
I would like now to appeal to the Commission and to Commissioner Dalli, whose conduct during the negotiations was admirable, although perhaps the Commission did not explain his role in conciliating the positions.
I would like the relevant European bodies to take note of this situation, monitor it and take action to resolve it as soon as possible.
I would like to address two points.
I would like to ask what the position of the European Commission is regarding the restructuring of government debt.
I would like to be very clear, however, and I have already said this on several occasions, during conferences and also directly to the NGOs concerned: we are not asking for data exclusivity; we are simply not asking for that.
I would like to briefly mention these issues: we need a serious discussion; we need long-term cooperation and a long-term agreement with you: following on from the gentleman's agreement that is what we should like to do. We stand by the discharge procedure on the basis of the Court of Auditors' findings because that is the rule, that is the Treaty issue; and we also expect Parliament and ourselves to take into account the complexity of simplifying existing regulations and enhancing their transparency.
I would like to characterise the flagship Youth on the Move initiative, part of the Europe 2020 programme, as an excellent objective for the greatest possible improvement of the entry of young people into the labour market, with two main emphases.
I would like to confirm once again that a financial transaction tax will be proposed by the European Commission.
I would like to congratulate Mr Casini on the excellent work he has done. I will vote in favour of his proposal to create a register of lobbyists so as to increase transparency in the European institutions. I hope, however, that representatives of the regions, for instance, will be given due recognition.
I would like to congratulate Mr Falbr for his excellent work on the report on the external dimension of social policy, promoting labour and social standards and European corporate social responsibility. A politically and economically integrated EU also needs a social dimension more urgently than ever.
I would like to congratulate Mrs Merkies on the one-stop shop, the funding strategy, and the recognition of necessary risk-taking by researchers.
I would like to congratulate the rapporteur because the report has managed to cover absolutely every aspect of this issue and this European policy.
I would like to congratulate the rapporteur for his fine work and beneficial cooperation on this report. I want to highlight again the great economic and cultural potential, as well as the unique nature of the creative industries.
I would like to emphasise in this Chamber the importance attached to settling unresolved conflicts, particularly the one in Transnistria. I welcome this step, especially in the wake of the failure of the Vienna dialogue conducted last month. I support continuing the negotiations in the 5 + 2 format.
I would like to emphasise my strong support for the 'Youth on the Move' framework, aimed at improving education systems and vocational training in Europe. I think that this is of paramount importance with a view to developing specific policies supporting youth mobility and facilitating a stable transition for them from the education system to employment.
I would like to emphasise once more that I think it somewhat absurd if ski runs are not included in the size of a ski area just because the entire mountain has not been dug up. As I see it, those are ultimately the areas concerned and they must be included.
I would like to emphasise that we attach great importance to safeguarding the rule of law in Ukraine, which is a country that we want to enter into a closer contractual relationship with on the basis of association and economic integration. A smoothly functioning, independent and transparent justice system is essential in order for this to happen.
I would like to end by adding that I would very much appreciate it if Members would not confuse the topic of the 'transparency register' with that of the 'code of conduct', as it is a completely different issue.
I would like to end by stressing that, even though I might often disagree with you, we should honour the work you have been doing lately. I am sure that your nights are not very long and I promise that, on the day you return to a more decent life, I will gladly invite you to dinner.
I would like to end with a few words as a member of a delegation that opposed the launch of enhanced cooperation on the unitary Community patent and to say that we opposed it, because we believe that the enhanced cooperation instrument may directly affect the internal market, territorial cohesion and the right of citizens of all Member States to have maximum legal security.
I would like to explain to the honourable Member that this subject is so important that I should have at least seven to eight minutes speaking time.
I would like to express my general thanks for a very constructive discussion, including the question of what is to follow in the wake of Fukushima.
I would like to express my thanks and to say that the Commission and Europe as a whole can be pleased with what they have achieved in this case.
I would like to extend my sincere congratulations to Mr Garriga Polledo for having prepared a comprehensive report, and for the impressive amount of work he has put into drafting compromise amendments. I agree with the rapporteur that cohesion policy, which has proven its effectiveness, should be given a place in the new Multiannual Financial Framework which is commensurate with its importance.
I would like to finish by saying that my opinion regarding the Sarajevo initiative, which Mrs Pack brought up today, is that it is quite true that five years ago decisions were taken on capitals of culture, but, as in science, a paradigm always has to be challenged anew.
I would like to give Mr Oettinger my support and encourage him to submit an ambitious proposal on the subject of energy efficiency in two weeks. I am very happy with the parts that we already know about, which are a mix of incentives and obligations for those affected. I do not like the fact that the Member States are supposed to set their own goals.
I would like to give my full endorsement to the directive on the charging of heavy goods vehicles. I would, in particular, like to support a provision which is very important for Europe's environment. I hope that the lower charges for vehicles which are less polluting will motivate owners of transport firms who have not done so to renew their fleets.
I would like to highlight Article 23 in the report about stamping out illegal logging. I should mention that implementing sustainable forest management is vital to preserving biodiversity in Europe.
I would like to highlight the fact that the implementation of EU funds varies between the different Member States, and it is important for the EU to understand the difficulties that some countries have had in taking corrective action in order to actively contribute to the wider uptake of EU funds, in line with the Europe 2020 strategy.
I would like to issue a word of warning, however: in our soapbox speeches, we are always talking about reducing bureaucracy. I would like to appeal to the Commission not to create additional bureaucracy in this area.
I would like to know how the European Commission intends to approach these negotiations and this draft convention, and on the basis of what mandate it will act on behalf of all of us, so that tomorrow, in the area of domestic work, the European Union can set an example and that we, too, can give expression to the values of the European Union.
I would like to know whether you meant that the rules must be adhered to, regardless of the situation, and that people should not always be guided by the circumstances.
I would like to know, therefore, what is to become of these programmes, at least as far as the Commission can tell, seeing that they are approaching their expiry dates and we should already have confronted the matter within the Committee on Culture and Education.
I would like to look briefly at the European Training Foundation (ETF). It is important because of its cooperation with the International Labour Organisation (ILO) in the EU's partner countries.
I would like to make five comments.
I would like to mention briefly one other issue. I was part of a delegation to California and one evening, we met with young entrepreneurs and people who wanted to start new companies. I will never forget that evening.
I would like to mention three specific issues which attracted several questions.
I would like to observe that cohesion policy is not very visible in rural areas, despite the declarations which have been made on this matter.
I would like to point out that the European Court of Human Rights has already stated that in asylum cases, no one can be sent back to Greece, for example, because the conditions in prisons there are so poor. I wonder when it will happen that you cannot extradite someone on the basis of the European Arrest Warrant because the conditions in the prisons in the country requesting extradition are so dreadful.
I would like to point out that, according to various studies, young people who avail themselves of the opportunity to study or work abroad perform better in school, they are more successful and more competitive in terms of job hunting, and, moreover, in terms of their integration into society.
I would like to praise the very constructive work which we have developed in our joint working group.
I would like to remind this House that in March 2009, we adopted a resolution which took into account both the trade and the non-trade concerns.
I would like to repeat what I said in my introduction: I remain committed to the principle of maintaining a balance and complementarity between the two pillars of the common agricultural policy. I also intend to keep a strong second pillar in the future common agricultural policy.
I would like to reply right away by saying that the Secretary-General and the Deputy Secretary-General put a lot of effort into ensuring our safety in Parliament.
I would like to request appointment of a delegation to negotiate on behalf of Parliament and we should reach an agreement by means of a politically representative delegation for Parliament.
I would like to say a final word about the legislative fingerprint, which is a good idea in theory but not in practice.
I would like to say one more thing, and that is that Mr Barroso's statement about the possibility of cuts to the second pillar means that he does not have a real knowledge of the seriousness of the problem.
I would like to say to Mr Stevenson that a decision was made before I took the chair not to use the blue card procedure in this debate, precisely in order to be able to give the floor to all Members who asked to speak.
I would like to say to the High Representative that I sorely missed her voice during the very first few days of the horrors perpetrated by the Syrian authorities. I believe that the courageous citizens who were - and still are - demonstrating in Syria at great personal risk have missed your voice even more.
I would like to see a league table of Member States' usage of drugs per head of animal population, so that we can actually look at countries which adopt best practice and benchmark them against others that are not. I do not mean to point the finger, but rather to allow those Member States who might be overusing antibiotics to improve their animal husbandry practices.
I would like to see more money for research but there is no bottomless bank account. I, and my group, cannot support doubling the EU budget in one area without a commitment to showing where that money can come from elsewhere.
I would like to speak in favour of timely and concrete steps to alleviate non-tariff barriers in order to liberalise EU-Japan trade relations.
I would like to state that many of those in positions of responsibility in Hungary today are the people who took to the streets to fight against communism and for liberty.
I would like to state very clearly in this Chamber that the dissemination of ethnic and religion intolerance is an action which blatantly contradicts European values and basic human rights, as well as the traditions of Bulgarian society.
I would like to support the adoption of a clearly defined measuring system which will go beyond GDP, in the sense of complementing GDP in the context of making and assessing decisions. GDP is an indicator of economic market activity which has become a benchmark used by policy makers.
I would like to take up the subject once again of what is wrong in Greece, because I think that Mr Daul has a responsibility towards Nea Dimokratia.
I would like to thank Mr Mikolášik for the clear commitment in his report to achieving results and for the explicit references to the importance and the future development of the strategic reports, the impact of these reports and the way in which they can be used.
I would like to thank Mrs Jordan Cizelj for her comprehensive report and for her work over the last few weeks. I would also like to thank the shadow rapporteurs from the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy and from the other committees.
I would like to thank all those Members who have spoken in clear language, stating priorities while, at the end of the day, agreeing on exactly what we have to do in a strategic approach to regulation with regard to the management of radio spectrum.
I would like to thank the European Parliament and, in particular, the rapporteurs Mr Pieper, Mr Mikolášik, Mr Vlasák, Mrs Sanchez-Schmid and Mr Stavrakakis for their excellent reports, which will help us to make progress with our work.
I would like to thank the rapporteur and the Committee on International Trade for their hard work and their support for the proposal.
I would like to thank the rapporteur, Mr Dess, for his work over past weeks and months. I would also like to thank the members of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development for their hard work and the fruitful discussions that we have had since I began the task of preparing the reform of the common agricultural policy.
I would like to thank the rapporteur, Mr Leinen, for the report he has submitted. I agree with its assessment of the Commission's proposal, and I would like to make a few observations on the importance of such activities.
I would like to thank the shadow rapporteurs for their help in preparing and drafting this report, and I would also like to decry the fact that some infinitely small-minded political forces in Parliament prevented my report from mentioning an academic organisation that contributed a study to serve as its basis.
I would like to thank you very much for your constructive support today. I am sure that in a few years we will be discussing this subject again in Parliament with the aim of extending and improving this first directive.
I would like to urge the Commission to speed up the gathering of research from all Member States, but also to support new research into antibiotics that would be effective for humans and would save lives.
I would like to welcome the President of Tajikistan, Emomali Rahmon, who is on an official visit to the European Parliament. I met with the President a short time ago.
I would like to welcome the observation of Minister of State Becsey, made in today's debate. I consider the steps relating to the work of the Hungarian Presidency to be important.
I would like to welcome the resumption of negotiations for an ambitious new partnership agreement in an attempt to overcome past tensions. I think that Russia must be supported by the European Union in its efforts to join the WTO, as this will boost trade and economic relations between the two partners and encourage investment.
I would like to welcome this report which draws attention to the necessity of broadening the system of vocational training in the EU since equal access to quality lifelong learning means better chances in the labour market and thereby contributes to fulfilment of the goals of the EU's 2020 strategy.
I would like, in particular, to thank Ms Grässle for her work on the Financial Regulation. I think it is very important that the proposal submitted by the Commission on the introduction of management declarations is finally approved because this issue is really about increasing the accountability of our Member States, which are responsible for managing 80% of your budget.
I would now like to turn briefly to the situation in the three eurozone countries to which I have already referred. I should, however, mention that, from the outset, many of the issues in relation to these Member States are discussed outside the regular Ecofin format, reflecting their specific characteristics as members of the eurozone.
I would particularly like to emphasise our position on the export of radioactive waste. I dare say that not a single member of the Committee is a nimby ('not in my backyard'). We are not in favour of irresponsible management and we want radioactive waste to be disposed of safely.
I would particularly like to thank Commissioner Vassiliou and her cabinet with whom we have worked very closely on this, and also the Hungarian Presidency, which had early years learning as one of its priorities.
I would particularly like to thank Mr Arsenis for his expert and professional work, which involved a long and difficult debate, because - as we are well aware - the forest situation is not the same in all the Member States.
I would point out that last October, Parliament, by a large majority, voted in favour of the proposal for a regulation on the indication of the country of origin of certain products - including textile products - imported from third countries, and that to date, the Council has not opened negotiations or discussions with Parliament, even on an informal level. I would like to thank the Hungarian Presidency for having included the issue among its priorities, but I would also ask for the debate to be accelerated, or else we run the risk, for example, of providing safeguards for European consumers with regard to foodstuffs but not with regard to manufacturing products.
I would say to Martin Schulz that I also have some questions about rating agencies and the role they are playing in the current crisis, but let us try to find errors and the sources of the crisis within our own ranks, and maybe not outside the European Union and outside its institutions.
I would simply like to ask for the negotiations in progress with the Southern African Development Community (SADC), which have not yet produced a conclusive result, to be given a chance to do so. That is why I would opt for a measured tone in relation to the situation so that we leave an opportunity for negotiations, which should take place very urgently and, I hope, reach a conclusion.
I would stress, however, that care must be taken when publishing results.
I would strongly urge Members of the European Parliament to support this science-based communication to the public, in order to reduce unnecessary fears and to reinforce our common efforts. I can assure you that the Commission, together with these agencies, is working very hard with national health and food safety ministries to support them in containing this outbreak.
I would therefore ask him to kindly withdraw the comments he made about me and thank him in advance.
I would therefore emphasise the need to improve reciprocity in terms of the protection of intellectual property, including trademarks, geographical indications and policies for the reciprocal promotion of bilateral investment, aimed principally at innovation and technology and inspired by the positions already taken in this field by the European Parliament.
I would therefore like to ask the EU, the European Parliament, the Commission and the Council to try harder to support Member States, and to push harder for them to invest in this area, because it is only through the money we invest in research, innovation and education that we can really fulfil the objectives of Europe 2020.
I would therefore like to ask you, Commissioner, if it is possible that, without any increase in the Union budget, the creation of the infrastructure fund and new innovation policies - which will be linked to cohesion and to regional development, which I support - will become a Trojan horse brought into the cohesion budget?
I would therefore like to believe that democratic political forces in the Hungarian Parliament will correct all of the errors in another legislative process, and will amend the constitution to bring it into line with international law and Hungary's international obligations.
I would therefore like to congratulate the rapporteur on the result that has just been achieved due to an effort at finding a compromise between all the groups in an ambitious and encouraging report.
I would think that, if the EU were to introduce an increased de minimis at this point in time, it is likely to undermine the EU leadership in the ongoing negotiation process, sending a signal round the world that other countries, too, could increase their fishery subsidies on fuel, which would lead to a vicious circle, increasing the pressure on the world's fish stocks.
I would, however, like to express some reservations. I do not agree with excluding a series of actors from the scope of the register, such as the social partners and local, regional and municipal authorities.
ICP Forests and the EU operate one of the world's largest biomonitoring networks with the aim of quantifying these changes and helping to understand the cause and effect relationships. I have abstained from voting because in my opinion, the measures proposed in the report relating to the extent to which the individual Member States will be held responsible and will be involved do not go far enough.
ILO Convention supplemented by a recommendation on domestic workers (debate) 
IN FAVOUR of the following: 1. Postpones its decision on granting the Secretary-General of the Council discharge in respect of the implementation of the Council budget for the financial year 2009; 2. Sets out its observations in the resolution below; 3. Instructs its President to forward this Decision and the resolution that forms an integral part of it to the Council, the Commission, the Court of Justice of the European Union, the Court of Auditors, the European Ombudsman and the European Data Protection Supervisor, and to arrange for their publication in the Official Journal of the European Union (L series).
If 20 years to halve debt is the long-term perspective, what is the short-term perspective? I cannot imagine a longer-term perspective in this situation.
If 3% of the EU's GDP can really be earmarked for research and development by 2020, 3.7 million new jobs will be created, which would increase annual GDP by some EUR 800 million by 2025.
If Canada does not stop its action against the import ban on seal products before the conclusion of this kind of agreement, then, in my opinion, we should not agree to this trade agreement.
If EU asylum rules really say that a mere claim to be an asylum seeker is enough to create an obligation to accept them, then the rules must be changed.
If Europe really intends to implement the policies laid down in the European Treaties, including the most recent policies, it must have the financial resources it needs to fulfil these ambitions.
If Europe wants to successfully achieve the ambitious objectives of the Europe 2020 strategy, which place particular stress on innovation, research and training, it will have to invest in better qualified young people, opting for forms of education that are more geared towards future incorporation into the labour market and paying particular attention to knowledge that really prepares young people for the future.
If European cultural aspects are to be more prominently included, as is proposed, as an integral part of economic, foreign, security and development policy, it depends on what explicit form this is to be given.
If European economic governance is to be improved, the coherence and timely adoption of all parts of the package have to be guaranteed straight away, within the context of these procedures.
If European products are to be competitive in global markets, we cannot afford experiments that may result in even further damage to an already weak European economy by imposing yet more additional costs.
If European research policy is to be more competitive and in tune with the EU's economic and social ambitions, FP7 needs to be tailored to four major objectives: promoting the simplification of the framework programmes for research and cutting the burdens of administrative procedures; improving the participation of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs); strengthening the innovation dimension and intensifying the Risk-Sharing Finance Facility.
If Greece can demonstrate that it is genuinely committed to the reform package agreed with the European Union and the IMF, we will accompany Greece on its journey back to growth.
If I go to the supermarket and buy a carton of milk, I pay value added tax.
If I plant a grain of corn, I am thinking only of today, but if I plant a tree, I am looking to the future.
If Italy and its border police's security system reportedly lags far behind the ordinary Schengen standard, it is to be feared that newcomers like Romania and Bulgaria could soon also slacken in their efforts.
If Japan demonstrates a real willingness to eliminate non-tariff barriers, I believe the EU should enter into negotiations with Japan with a view to signing a free trade agreement.
If Member States fail to take effective action in order to meet their commitments and reduce their deficits - and these are commitments, remember, that they have undertaken of their own free will - then decision-making must be effective.
If Mr Gollnisch is charged over a press release written by the political office of the Front National, then of course this activity should be seen as falling within the scope of his EU mandate.
If Mrs Merkel and her Ministry of Health had translated the arrogance with which they frequently address other States into diligence and efficiency, some of the things that happened would not have done so. That negligence has had criminal consequences for one State, namely Spain, and for its most important sector, agriculture.
If Pakistan is allowed to join the ranks of those countries that enjoy preferential tariff rates - in other words, if it is to be included in the so-called 'GSP+' list - then the matter could be said to have resolved itself.
If Pakistan wants to increase its cooperation with the European Union, it should show that it is cooperating in the fight against terrorism in a very real way and that it is developing its rule of law.
If Parliament's security is so poor that someone can walk in here and rob the post office or the bank, and no one even gets caught, there is every reason to make improvements, and fast.
If Portugal is able to comply rigorously with the results of the agreement in the first few months, I think that it will be in a position to go to the European Financial Stability Facility and the International Monetary Fund and ask for a review of the rates within six to nine months. I think that would be good news for the Portuguese people and I think it would be good news for the European Union.
If Sweden is to belong to the EU's inner circle, we cannot simply trudge along behind EU critics from Hungary, the Czech Republic and the United Kingdom.
If Youth on the Move is to enjoy better success, its implementation and progress will have to be closely monitored on the ground and by Members of this House in our constituencies.
If a 28th regime procedure is going to be instituted, in keeping with this report, this would facilitate cross-border credit-based transactions.
If a country chooses to use a fair election and a two-thirds majority to create an autocracy, the rest of us are allowed to be shocked by that and to try and oppose it. I quote György Konrád here, who says: 'In Hungary, a so-called majority knows how to create an autocratic regime in a democratic way'. That is true.
If a country like Belgium wishes to ensure that Europe is not allowed to make decisions on Belgium's behalf in the future, then it is high time to demand that those responsible for federal policy should recognise their responsibilities to their citizens, instead of intervening with the Commission for the retention of the index or of social policy in Belgium.
If a sustainable development policy is to have the desired effect, there needs to be enough information available for the decision-making process to facilitate the adoption of considered solutions.
If acts of terrorism and cyber attacks are not going to be covered by the stress tests, then so be it. You have explained why that is the case and we can understand that.
If all proceeds as planned, the Council will be able to adopt the text of the regulation in early autumn, and therefore the legislation will be applicable from 2012.
If all the Member States who use the euro want to strengthen and deepen the coordination of their economic policies, then that should be their decision.
If an objection is lodged, the interested parties have six months to reach agreement.
If anything, it is not Pakistan, but China that poses the biggest threat to Europe's textile market.
If anything, it risks increasing illegality, insecurity and economic costs.
If common sense prevails, this Parliament will vote for a reduction of the EU budget for 2012.
If consumers know where a product was made, they will also more easily avoid purchasing hazardous products, of which there are still very many, despite improved controls.
If courts in the European Union are now ruling that Dublin II is to be ineffective - in other words, that refugees are not to be deported to their states of first arrival - then we must ask the Commission how committed it will be to taking action against those states that are obviously not currently implementing the existing law.
If cultural and creative industries are to maximise their role as a driving force, financing facilities backed up by solid expertise in the characteristics of cultural industries and an adapted taxation system must be introduced.
If deemed necessary, control must be in line with what is feasible in practice in respect of the work process. I would also like to contest the vote on paragraph 9. During the very quick vote, I got the impression that we did not actually obtain the right result.
If domestic workers cannot work occasionally, sporadically or not on an occupational basis in this sector, then the opportunities for circumventing the legislation are already in place.
If ever there was an example of bureaucracy at European level, this surely is it.
If farms are to be enabled to plan with certainty then we cannot keep changing course every couple of years.
If globalisation has incontrovertibly favoured the proliferation of exchanges, we must fight against the danger of a uniformity of cultures.
If implemented correctly by national bodies, this international agreement will be an important tool for ensuring the long-term protection of marine life and the sustainable exploitation of fish stocks.
If it does so, we will return to growth, we will meet our commitments and we will be a great nation, part of Europe once again.
If it is not delivered within this period, the purchaser has the right to cancel the order;
If it is successful in this way, and when the Commission makes detailed proposals afterwards, then we will be on the right path, and we can all rejoice that farmers are involved in volunteer moves to protect the environment.
If it is true that a month's worth of greenhouse gas emissions in China corresponds to an annual 20% decrease in Europe, then this says a lot.
If it proves useful to carry out targeted activities in evaluating the consequences for human health in all areas affected by the fallout from Chernobyl, the Commission is ready to take action and to transfer responsibility for the coordination of the appropriate measures to the EU's Health Security Committee.
If it turned out that they had not been achieved, we would then have the possibility of together examining the causes of non-compliance and whether it was due to domestic or external factors.
If laws regulating consumer transactions were harmonised throughout the EU, small and medium businesses (SMEs) and consumers in all Member States would benefit.
If necessary, we must also apply extreme measures - various economic sanctions and restrictions - against countries and companies which consistently ignore them.
If necessary, we will have to investigate whether there will be shortages, to ensure that emissions trading remains an effective instrument for reducing CO2 emissions within the market economy.
If none of that happens, I guarantee you that that will be the end of Schengen, which would, actually, not be such a bad thing.
If not, your conscience and this Chamber will hold you to account.
If our citizens are informed, they stand a better chance of avoiding infection.
If people are detained in violation of their basic human rights, they can take action before domestic courts and, later, before the European Court of Human Rights.
If people were serious about wanting structural reforms, they could have taken up the suggestion made by David Cameron, for example, of going to the Council and saying: funding is to be frozen, but we demand that unused resources should be able to be carried over to the next financial year, so that we can continue to spend them on viable projects and to save money.
If production costs in Europe are too high, the global quantity of emissions will rise, due to increased imports of products from countries with low efficiency in terms of emissions.
If public lenders extend their maturities, that is not just a shuffling of deckchairs on the Titanic: it is taking the public lenders below decks to sink in the ship while the private loan holders are helped away to the lifeboats.
If public support is needed, the banks benefiting from it should, pursuant to the December 2010 communication on the application of State Aid Regulations to support measures in favour of banks, provide the Commission with a restructuring plan which is appropriate for dealing with the problem, in order, in particular, to consolidate and restore their long-term viability.
If so, we need a positive plan for it.
If someone is murdered and an innocent person is put in prison for it, that provides no comfort or justice for the murder that has been committed.
If such tendencies are observed, it is primarily up to the Member State governments to draw up the right strategies regarding training, remuneration and career opportunities to improve development for those in the medical profession, for example, which has been a particular focus of these discussions.
If such were the intent of the Sri Lankan Government, how come they have just released 200 000 Tamils who were prisoners? It is absurd to accuse the Sri Lankan Government of genocide. I would hope that the Member would retract that statement.
If that had been the case, legal action would not have been possible! This is the basis of the current Article 8. By definition, Article 9 applies to activities beyond the scope of this Parliament! Parliament now preserves or waives immunity according to how it feels: it waives it for political opinions in one case, but preserves it for suspected tax evasion in another, considering it an example of fumus persecutionis.
If that happens, I think that we will be able to show that we are making laws which are beneficial for our industry, for our consumers and also for us, because we do need to retain public support in Europe.
If that is what we are being asked to think, it really is unbelievable.
If that is what you want, then give me the legal competence to do so and approve the relevant jobs. I will accept everything you have to offer.
If the British Government invested more in the European Union, they could make savings on their foreign policy, in William Hague's department.
If the British Government wants to make savings, it can join the euro, it can give the European Union more powers and responsibilities, and it can make savings with regard to all those people working on monetary policy in Britain.
If the Commission now increases this ceiling, it means that only the Member States with a healthy budget can give this.
If the Council is also equipped with the register, this would therefore underline more effectively that the structure of Europe is made up of a government - the Commission - and a legislative body, consisting both of representatives of citizens and of states.
If the EGNOS system is to be developed further, priority must be given to the measures proposed in the action plan and adequate investment and funding in research and development activities must be provided without fail.
If the EU adopts strict measures on the use of antibiotics with agricultural animals, we can also expect changes to legislation in third countries, particularly because of the financial losses that would be caused by a restriction on meat exports to Europe.
If the EU can create an EU-wide momentum that stimulates these companies by supporting innovation and modernisation, we will be able to promote employment and social cohesion and, as the rapporteur mentions, make the European Union 'the economy which is founded on the most competitive and most dynamic knowledge-base in the world'. I therefore voted for this report, because I believe in the potential of these creative industries and in their promising future.
If the EU is serious about increasing recycling, reducing waste and limiting air emissions and climate change, then it must take action.
If the EU is serious about its strategies for improving relations with Russia, then it must firstly resolve these problems and secondly, give consideration to Russian sensitivities relating to an historical sphere of influence that undoubtedly exists, or which exists as far as Russia is concerned.
If the European Parliament is trying to show that it is a powerful, responsible legislative body which is proud to have achieved the Lisbon Treaty, I think it flunked its first test.
If the European Union works together on development cooperation, it will result in savings, elimination of overlaps and ensure better and more efficient spending.
If the Member States do not agree unanimously, it is not possible for us to impose a decision on those Member States, and thus we are fully respecting the democratic nature not only of our Union, but also of our Member States.
If the Parliament had not been so inflexible, then we would have a much needed update of the rules.
If the aim of finding more frequencies for wireless broadband communications is to be pursued and encouraged, it would seem appropriate to proceed on the basis of this inventory - without anticipating the result - by selecting, without any prior technical expertise, one or more specific frequency bands.
If the conciliation had been successful, we could now be jointly welcoming an imminent ban on the marketing of food from cloned animals.
If the costs of the umpteenth strategy will still only finance talk, I call on the European institutions to make amends to the dozens of small entrepreneurs in my region, Veneto, who have taken their lives rather than see their small businesses fail.
If the enormous amount of money paid in taxes were to reach small and medium-sized farmers instead of big landowners, agricultural factories, large businesses, monarchs and golf clubs, then maybe it would be possible to halt the decline in farming.
If the failing countries had remained outside the eurozone, their currencies would have fallen in value, leading to export-led expansions facilitated by low interest rates that would be set by their central banks.
If the forecasts are going to continue to be disturbing and we do not find the source of the infection, businesses will be forced to stop trading because of a lack of liquidity. I think the European Union does have administrative instruments which allow it to react quickly to such cases, so we should consider how to improve the system to make it more effective.
If the goals indicated in the Europe 2020 strategy are to be attained, vocational education and training have to be treated as a key priority of the European Union institutions and those involved at local and regional level.
If the history and literature of minority communities were taught in majority schools, and if minority education efforts were to include majority culture, communities living together would get along with each other more harmoniously.
If the ladies and gentlemen over there are to display their political posters, then I wish to have the right to permanently display my 'Vote UKIP' poster on my desk and for anybody else to display their posters.
If the latter is to be credible and efficient, it must be strengthened by the introduction of yearly fines for non-compliance with recommendations or the obligation to draw up a sufficient corrective action plan.
If the money is not there at the end of the day, there is little we can do in many of these areas.
If the negotiations go well, both parties will benefit: sustainable development will be promoted, child labour will gradually be eradicated and a more progressive form of social protection will be upheld. I feel it is pointless and detrimental to oppose this, and so I call on all the groups in Parliament to reject a priori a compromise text.
If the refusal to execute the European Arrest Warrant is final, it is clear that the person can no longer be arrested in that Member State as a result of the instrument.
If the situation does not improve, further actions are required.
If the southern part secedes, it will be necessary to show support for as peaceful a transition as possible. I would therefore like to express support for the Commission, which has roundly condemned the use of force against innocent civilians, who have been, and still are, the victims of intervention by the Sudanese army occupying this region.
If the substance is not there, we should simply say no. Some of our requests, such as access for our cars or wines and spirits or the opening of certain services sectors, are difficult for India to deliver. I look forward to more intensified exchanges on this with the European Parliament as we move into what is hopefully the final phase.
If the supply of energy resources is not exploited as a political tool, if it applies equal, transparent and non-discriminatory rules to all market players, if Russia makes an objective choice to make use of our existing mutual dependence in the field of energy in a collaborative way, based on specific, fair and legally binding principles, we shall be able to speak of a new era in the development of a united Europe.
If the tests should ever give negative results for particular installations, then these tests should have a binding effect on Member States, which would then have no choice but to close those non-functioning installations.
If their function has become obsolete, they should have access to similar jobs with the same conditions.
If there are serious problems with a particular nuclear power station, the citizens of Europe and of the relevant Member State will call for the necessary measures to be taken.
If there is a proportionality problem, it is not caused by the instrument or by the EAW framework decision; it is rather the result of the criminal justice policies in individual Member States.
If there is one person here who does not have the right to criticise Mrs Göncz, then that person is Mrs Morvai.
If there is reason to believe that organised crime groups are behind more and more crimes on the Internet, the same investigative measures applied in the detection and prosecution of offline organised crime should be applied, coupled of course with an improved coordination mechanism.
If there really is a winner from processes of monopolistic concentration in the air transport sector - which is what inevitably follows liberalisation and 'free competition' - it is not the passengers, nor the workers, nor many of the so-called 'flag carrier' airlines, but rather the major European companies in the sector.
If these issues are not resolved, the pact becomes stupid, as someone said.
If these reports do not get a majority tomorrow then we are always prepared to work together constructively to achieve a common solution for economic governance that takes social and economic responsibilities equally seriously.
If these rescue packages are quoted as the reason why risks are not priced correctly, then in practical terms this is like nationalising private risk as a fait accompli.
If these steps are continued, when Parliament puts the issue of the Council discharge on its agenda again this autumn, finally it will be possible for the European Parliament to grant discharge to the European Council with the backing of a long-term agreement between the European Council and the European Parliament on the Council discharge procedure.
If these tests are carried out under the terms that you are presenting, Commissioner, whereby the first stage is undertaken by the stakeholders themselves, the second stage is carried out by the governments defending those stakeholders and the third stage is undertaken by partners, who are really stakeholders, I ask myself if the result will not be to say, in the end, that all nuclear plants are in good health and are to be recommended.
If these trade preferences were to come to an end now, this would jeopardise further economic growth in these countries. I have not voted in favour of the report because, as has already been explained, some points in the new regulation are not clearly worded.
If these two factors are in balance, then this means, on the one hand, that people can do their work with adequate remuneration that is in line with human dignity and professional quality, while, on the other hand, it allows business owners to develop their businesses by following market principles, though tempered by the human environment in which this must take place.
If they are not, and are subjected to intensive deforestation, they would produce 25% of all CO2 emissions, a greenhouse gas caused by human activity.
If they are to enjoy uninterrupted connection, they must have radio frequencies dedicated entirely to them.
If they do not, they should.
If they were mandatory for anyone, it was only for those who aspired to join the euro area, and they were not mandatory for anyone in the euro area.
If things go wrong, if people are dying in Africa, the European Union cannot stay on the outside saying 'well, it is too far'. Your broad interest in the issues definitely encourages both the High Representative and myself to put together efforts to help people build peaceful lives.
If this continues, ladies and gentlemen, the euro area will soon have to rescue the European Central Bank, or simply fall apart.
If this directive expands its capabilities, any move by the UK Government to introduce HGV charges will be overshadowed by an unwanted indirect tax which the Commission also reserves the right to make obligatory in 2013.
If this does not happen, the security of the Schengen area is weakened, the credibility of the European Union is undermined and mutual trust is destroyed.
If this instrument is created, we will be introducing a completely new type of supranational law, which will be on the boundary between EU law and international private and commercial law, not to mention the fact that the mandate for creating a European contract law for consumers and businesses does not have sufficient support in primary EU law.
If this is not the case, the EU's already embattled citizens will have to rely on their heads of state to defend them.
If this project is to be truly effective, action must be taken on two fronts.
If used correctly, antibiotics are an effective tool, but I call on the Commission to introduce concrete measures to make their use more efficient so as to reduce animals' resistance to antibiotics, as this is a problem that impacts on the entire food chain.
If we Europeans consider peace, democratisation in the Middle East, the eradication of extreme poverty and the development of living conditions in Gaza as our ultimate goal, the appropriate means for the facilitation of this noble cause is not the flotilla, as VP/HR Ashton pointed out earlier today.
If we achieve the goals set out here, I have no doubt that we will enter a new economic cycle of growth.
If we adopted a different approach to Russia along these lines, we might harbour the hidden hope that democratic processes would be liberated to a far greater extent in Russia, with a certainty and confidence that can then feed into European politics. I am keeping my fingers crossed that this will emerge from the forthcoming talks.
If we adopted a tenth part of their policy we would be in serious trouble, but they have got one thing right - which is that these bail-outs are punishing the majority of people in order to reward some very wealthy individuals.
If we agree that the value of the European Union is much more than the sum of the 27 Member States that comprise it, if we are in favour of high quality, responsible agriculture, if we want to achieve the Millennium Development Goals, if we want to help our Mediterranean neighbours in their transition towards democracy, if we want to keep investing in research and innovation, if we want to carry on fighting climate change and investing in education, training and Erasmus grants, if we still believe in the cohesion policy as a tool for sustainable development and solidarity between our countries, and if we still support, for example, trans-European energy and transport networks - in short, if we still want more Europe - then we must call for a bigger budget for the European Union.
If we all want safety, then the right thing to do is to show a permanent commitment to safety and not just when there has been a core meltdown in three reactors.
If we allow our position to be weakened because of the weakness of the Council, we have not learned any lessons from the crisis.
If we analyse Mazowsze's economic situation without including the city of Warsaw, we see that the gross domestic product of a significant part of the region is a long way from the established 75% level, and what is more, it is even as low as that of the poorest regions of the European Union, which shows that further assistance is essential.
If we analyse the causes of the recent financial crisis, we can see that it is necessary to find mechanisms for control of investment risk, of the composition of boards, and of directors' pay, thereby enabling enhanced cooperation between public and private supervisory bodies, while ensuring their independence.
If we are going to debate and adopt new rules, they must apply to all countries - both old and new.
If we are not going to proceed in this manner, far from saving time, we will waste time and the problem will get worse.
If we are saying that we should leave the report on the table, and we should not have investigations into what happened between January and May, and indeed not open the door to investigate many allegations on both sides, what is the point of a report of this nature?
If we are sure about which of these we prefer, Mrs Malmström, then during the European Council in June the Commission will have to convince Member States to formulate a European policy on immigration, because Europe à la carte would be tantamount to the collapse of the European dream.
If we are talking about European integration or the future of these programmes and projects which we have in mind here, all these young people must feel European.
If we are talking about universality - I do not know how many minutes I have, Mr President - but if we look around, there are European Union Member States where we can see very similar cases. I will believe you, Mr Posselt, that you adhere to the principles and want us to enforce human rights everywhere - both in the European Union and Ukraine - if you table such a resolution for Bulgaria as well where prime ministers and former ministers are being investigated on absurd charges.
If we are to do so, then, in order to secure the lead in area after area with regard to telecoms and the development of broadband, I want Europe to have the best broadband capacity and the highest speeds, because then we will be home to the development of all the new services that will be crucial to the modern economy and to our competitiveness. I want Europe to be home to the next generation of Googles, Yahoos, Apples and all other companies that are manifestations of both competitiveness and innovation.
If we are to preserve our forests as we know and love them, we must be at the forefront of the fight to ensure sustainable management of forest areas and to protect them from the threats that hang over them.
If we are too over-protective, we will retain our old industries and miss out on the change and renewal that we need because we do not dare to take new decisions.
If we basically expect the Ukrainian Government not to interfere in the work of the independent court and prosecutor's office, what right does the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) have to call today for the European Parliament itself to get involved in such political interference? I cannot accept that we should pardon all the decisions made by the previous government in Ukraine.
If we can get free elections and a new government in place, the European Union, in conjunction with other international bodies, particularly the African Union, can help nurture this country along on the road to democracy and the road to economic recovery.
If we can take anything away from the crisis we are going through, it is the need to learn from the past. I call on everyone in this Chamber to recognise that.
If we carry on down the current road, it is the path to social and economic disaster.
If we cease to attach so much importance to the principle that some members should be allowed to speak in their own language, this will become less important for other members, too.
If we compare that figure of 50 000 out of the then 5.5 million population of the three Baltic States to that of the UK or France, the 50 000 Baltic deportees would have meant proportionately 432 000 citizens deported from the UK or 363 000 persons deported from France.
If we consider forests solely as a source of renewable energy, we totally have missed the point of combining sustainable industry and environment protection.
If we consider that, after Saudi Arabia, Canada has the largest oil reserves, this is probably also of strategic significance in the context of European efforts to achieve more energy security, and that is something that we should definitely bear in mind.
If we do not dare to set those priorities, we do not show leadership.
If we do not finally and regularly name and shame the Member States where the majority of fraud is taking place, we will lose our credibility.
If we do not learn the lessons of this failure quickly, 23 people will have died for nothing.
If we do not manage to make headway on these matters, the problems are more likely to continue rather than be resolved. I also believe that it is important to remember what happened in 2005 when we ought to have taken action and demonstrated that it is not all right to contravene the common allocation clauses.
If we do not reinforce existing mechanisms, Member States will continue to act alone.
If we do not succeed in stopping this in all the Member States and in implementing the directive uniformly and effectively throughout Europe, even greater damage will be caused.
If we do not want domestic work to remain undeclared, we should turn this work into a proper profession and overcome the usual stereotypes, which often present such work to us as valueless.
If we do so, Europe will be a better place: it will have more growth, more jobs, more renewable energy, more money being spent on innovation and more entrepreneurs. I think that has to be our target.
If we do that, we will not always need to call for more and more budgetary resources, but will be able to use the budget to produce modern policies for the future.
If we fail - and I say we and I really mean us all - they will simply say that 'Europe' has failed.
If we fail to transform Europe into an Innovation Union, the economies of the 27 Member States will, in fact, be destined to decline, resulting in a loss of talent and ideas.
If we had accepted the Council's final proposal, we could not have claimed that we defended the wishes of ordinary citizens not to have cloned meat on their table.
If we had had that in our constitution in Ireland, we might not be in the mess we are now financially.
If we have been unable to regulate cloning - one of the main sticking points in these negotiations - it is because the governments have not shown enough willingness.
If we have that, then we will get results.
If we highlight one particular project, the ITER nuclear fusion reactor, it becomes clear that this is one of the projects which is receiving the largest increase in funding in the next budget, in other words, EUR 740 million.
If we ignore the Romantic, almost monarchist ideas which pervade the spirit of the preamble, I would like to mention some areas we regard as being highly sensitive, in contrast to our fellow Members from Fidesz who are also Members of the European Parliament.
If we in Europe avert our eyes and say 'This is purely a Hungarian affair', if 26 Member States are not prepared to say, 'Friends, we do not treat people like that in our society', and if the European Commission says the same, what should we then say, as a group, to countries where the situation is even worse? What should we tell those Hungarians who are not part of the two-thirds majority? 'Terribly sorry, you will not have any chance to reverse these laws after the next two elections, either'. I find it absolutely appalling that all of us in Europe are averting our eyes and that we are failing to take action.
If we in the Commission and in the European Union had taken energy efficiency more seriously at an earlier stage, the question of the automatic mechanism would probably not have arisen.
If we live in a European democracy, then of course, the core components of our constitutions must be mutually agreed and must be compatible with the international treaties that we have all signed.
If we look at the idea of ownership, which has been mentioned several times already, then it is certainly necessary for all of you to lend a hand.
If we manage to connect 500 million people, our citizens and businesses will be able to reap all of the benefits and opportunities of the digital economy.
If we move down that road, I believe it gives us the ability to respond to that question and explain to the public exactly what direct payments are for.
If we really want these delegations to prevent development money ending up in the wrong hands or to prevent money leaking away into failing projects, then EU delegations will need more staff.
If we really want to prevent future crises; if we want to create a cohesive and responsible economic Union; if we want to be guided by a perspective of prevention and correction; if we want to commit to sustainable growth then, for this package to be complete, this directive was essential.
If we reject debt restructuring, then we need a better balance between punishment and assistance and the design of response packages which would make it possible to avoid pushing countries further into a debt trap.
If we sign the Convention on Biological Diversity, the Convention on Climate Change or any other convention, we must be able to tell the rest of the world whether we have done well or badly.
If we succeed in developing Parliament's own resources and establishing an autonomous structure under the leadership of Members of this House in order to develop a method that allows us to carry out professional regulatory impact assessments within the European Parliament, then I believe we will have achieved a great deal with this report. I hope it will receive your support tomorrow in the vote.
If we succeed in simplifying this system - and we have launched an initiative to this end together with Commissioner Barnier - we will also reduce the practical error rate in this area, too.
If we take a look at the first issue, namely, the origin of products, it makes sense to begin with the cliché that there is an ongoing crisis in the European Union that is due mainly to the fact that production industries, for example the textile industry, were outsourced to different countries in the Far East for easy and quick profits, and therefore production in the European Union has declined.
If we take a purely market-based approach, then we are clearly in danger of giving priority - or excessive rights in any case - to market players which we know are able to distort the market on account of their size; in other words, we know that small operators cannot always compete with them.
If we take an approach to problems that only leads to the Member States beginning to mistrust each other, to sowing mistrust between the various states, to creating and exacerbating differences and rivalries between southern and northern states and between central and peripheral states, the end result will be the decline of the European Union.
If we want Parliament to play its role of discharge authority seriously, the MEPs must be given access to more comprehensive and detailed information on the budgetary and financial management of the agencies.
If we want stricter rules, they need to be more intelligent, but above all we need more democratic debate and more cross-border discussions.
If we want the experts to accept the results of these tests, we must avoid the superficiality and inconsistency which characterised the banking sector tests of July 2010.
If we want there to be European economic governance, there needs to be a space for public debate and for European democracy, in order for this European economic policy to work.
If we want these industries to develop fully, we have to make progress on various fronts: skills adaptation and capacity building, access to funding, improving the business environment, support for cross-border circulation and new distribution models, maximising these industries' potential for regional and local development, promoting their spillover effects in terms of innovation, and promoting a creative Europe on the world stage.
If we want to achieve this ambitious goal, I believe that the financial resources the EU has need to be just as ambitious.
If we want to do something, then we should do so in a spirit of solidarity with all countries and with the involvement of everyone, and that means we need direct aid for the flood victims.
If we want to ensure that Europe 2020 is a success and if we want to turn the strategy that is currently only on paper into concrete activities, initiatives and projects, it is exactly this up-to-the-minute, advanced form of regional policy which needs to be implemented in all our regions, in order to achieve the necessary results in our cities, communities, businesses, research centres and schools.
If we want to implement the instrument efficiently, this naturally represents a transfer of powers from the national capitals here to Brussels.
If we want to prevent these agreements from interfering with the rules laid down by the Treaty, we cannot but adopt the policies and measures contained in the report by Mr Schlyter.
If we want to remain a relevant player in a globalised economy, then we have to ensure greater coordination between economic and budgetary policies, as well as greater coordination between the economic policy and the policy on the competitiveness of Member States.
If we want to rescue banks that are exposed in Greece, particularly French and German banks, it would be much cheaper just to give them the money directly rather than routing it scenically through Athens.
If we want to talk credibly about a single market, can we really countenance discrimination against certain Member States in the form of differences in payments per hectare or capping?
If we were, the so called 'fashion' for populism would not be developing.
If we, as countries, build infrastructure, how do we then ensure that this also works across borders, in the field of ​​energy networks? There, too, you need European money.
If we, by which I mean you, Baroness Ashton, and this Parliament, can succeed in making progress with the common security and defence policy in these four areas, in a year's time, we will be very happy with what we have achieved.
If work is to be carried out in future on new opportunities for informing consumers about textile products, for example Europe-wide size harmonisation or RFID technology, let us remember to take a pragmatic approach, in line with consumers' expectations and what industry can achieve.
If you add a sixth point, one person will discuss it, and the other people will discuss something else.
If you ask me about the general mood regarding any type of admission into the Schengen area, then we all know that it would be difficult to say that the European Union is currently in a particularly welcoming mood.
If you believe this report, everything is shipshape and Bristol fashion and Romania and Bulgaria have demonstrated that they are sufficiently prepared to implement all of the Schengen rules.
If you can explain to me, Mrs Malmström, how the migration problem in the Mediterranean is going to be managed by my having to show my passport the next time I travel from Aachen to Maastricht - if you can explain that to me, please - then I would be very grateful.
If you had been listening you would have heard that it fell.
If you look around this Hemicycle now, there would be room here for all the 775 people that have ever been detained at Guantánamo.
If you look at the countries that have pursued successful conservation policies in fisheries - whether it is the Falkland Islands, Iceland, Norway, New Zealand - all of them have done so on the basis of giving skippers a sense of ownership so that they have an incentive to treat fisheries as a renewable resource.
If you look at the figures, in 2009, Japan and the EU together represented more than a quarter of global GDP and more than 20% of world trade, and had a combined volume of foreign direct investment of about EUR 200 billion.
If you look at the new industries relying on climate policies, they are asking for more ambitious climate policies.
If you push a law through the Hungarian Parliament and decree that, from now on, it may only be amended with a two-thirds majority, you know that it is not going be easy to amend it again after the next election.
If you remember, in 2009-2010, as a result of our H1N1 experience, we set up a system to coordinate public health communication, and our EU Health Security Committee has a network of communicators.
If you reply to the wrong letter and fill out the wrong form during this period of founding a company when you have a lot of work and a great deal of red tape to deal with, you will find that you have signed a contract and are faced with a bill for up to EUR 1 000.
If you take the initiative, Lady Ashton, and confront EU governments with their responsibilities, this Parliament will strongly back you.
If you want to be able to make valid comments on a subject of a technical nature, you normally seek information from those people who are most knowledgeable about these issues.
If you want to invest in bust banks, do so with your own money, not money from my old age pensioners in Yorkshire on GBP 98 a week, you scoundrels!
If you were now to tell me that the German constitutional court could not decide on tax issues, for example, following a judgment by the German Federal Court of Justice, or if budget law could not be examined by the German constitutional court for example, by way of a constitutional dispute between government institutions, such as a party in the German Bundestag, then I would agree with you.
If, and only if, these measures turn out to be insufficient, public support could be envisaged, on condition, of course, that it conforms to the European State Aid Regulations.
If, in these few days, he does not stop what is happening at the moment, then freeze all assets, not only of the 13 people but of the whole Assad family.
If, like Parliament and the Commission, the Council really wants to give Europe a real chance in the context of globalisation, then it needs to understand that spending wisely is far more useful than limiting spending and that joint funding for joint projects is a more intelligent approach than spreading resources thinly between short-lived projects.
If, on the contrary, the sentence in question means that the Commission wants to restrict the current provision, then that has been foreseen: national security and public order are the two elements covered by the existing Schengen acquis.
If, on the one hand, economic growth cannot neglect the environment, it is also true that environmental policy cannot neglect or lose sight of economic activity and the competitiveness of European business and industry. I always see the problem of sustainable development through this prism, whereby economic growth and respect for the environment are necessarily two sides of the same coin.
If, today, regions are seeking to re-dedicate resources in addition to the resources already available, we are certainly very open, in this area, to the idea of opening up this opportunity or, in any case, to holding serious talks in this regard.
If, today, we bring in economic sanctions, we can expect that the scandalous trials and the scandalous repression will finally end, because it is only this language which Lukashenko understands.
Illegal waste shipments and poor quality recycling also lead to a loss of resources, since secondary raw materials can go a long way towards meeting Europe's raw material requirements, and can also improve the effectiveness and use of resources.
Illegal, unreported and unregulated (IUU) fishing constitutes a global threat to the sustainable exploitation of live aquatic resources.
Illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing constitutes a serious obstacle to sustainable development in so far as it may affect 'living aquatic resources'. The Agreement on Port State Measures to Prevent, Deter and Eliminate Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing has been concluded, under the aegis of the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO), and it requires European Parliament approval to be permanently binding for the Union, so I voted in favour of concluding this agreement, as it is a central point of the common fisheries policy.
Illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing is considered as one of the main threats to the resources of the fishing market where the European Union enjoys an important global position.
Illicit substances are smuggled through Croatia from the production countries to consumer countries.
Immigration is a challenge requiring a Europe-wide response, and therefore I call for a common migration policy.
Impact assessment can only be an aid for making political decisions and should never replace political decisions within the democratic decision-making process.
Impact assessments (IAs) are a key instrument for the legislative process, and one of which European legislators should make greater use in future.
Impact assessments (IAs) are very important to the legislative process and should be encouraged in the future. IAs have great benefits: they alert legislators to the consequences of their options, and contribute to better and more conscious decision making.
Impact assessments (IAs) can be of significant help from the standpoint of better law making if the economic, social, environmental and public health consequences of the intended political choices are studied throughout the political cycle, along with their impact on the public's fundamental rights.
Impact assessments (IAs) present a systematic assessment of the probable effects of legislation in health, fundamental rights, social, economic, environmental, etc. terms, thereby contributing to cutting red tape and ensuring the consistency of EU policy. I am voting for this initiative, which acknowledges that IAs have a key role in aiding the decision-making process.
Impact assessments are a key instrument for the legislative process, and one of which European legislators should make greater use in future, as they show the possible consequences of their policy options.
Impact assessments are a key instrument in better law making policy, which aims to improve and simplify new and existing legislation.
Impact assessments are so important to our work in Parliament and should play a greater role, which is why I supported this report.
Impact assessments are tools that are especially useful for improving the quality of legislative activities (political proposals, for example). However, these impact assessments need to be adapted: new adaptations are indeed necessary, in particular, through creating an independent mechanism, for the impact assessments proposed by the European Commission are often inconsistent from a qualitative point of view and generally only serve to justify a legislative proposal rather than allow for an objective examination of the facts.
Impact assessments are, in fact, a suitable instrument for evaluating the impact of the adoption of new laws and the simplification and recasting of existing laws.
Impact assessments make a significant technical contribution to better law making as they show legislators the possible consequences of their policy options.
Impact studies should be applied to all legislative proposals, they should have a clear methodology, and they should be undertaken with full independence and transparency. IAs should also assess the option of inaction, as well as the specific consequences for small and medium-sized enterprises.
Implementation of cohesion policy from 2007-2013 deserves to have Parliament's attention for several important reasons, which are as follows: systematic growth of cohesion is strategically important for the future of the Union; the Cohesion Fund is an opportunity for the new Member States and for regions subject to particularly difficult conditions of development; reservations concerning implementation of policy have been expressed in recent years by the Committee on Budgetary Control because of the rate of error, which is too high.
Implementation of excessive deficit procedure (
Implementing the external costs of transport is a step in the right direction.
Important aspects that should be considered include possible further simplification, adaptation to new challenges such as climate change, and also the right place for the external dimension of the EU's internal policies.
Important factors contributing to the programme's success also include providing access to information about the potential opportunities it offers to the widest number of stakeholders possible and simplifying the application procedures, which are excessively complicated at the moment. I want to reiterate the need to promote widely the results of successfully completed projects so that more companies can access and, where possible, use them.
Important work lies ahead of us and we will soon have the opportunity at the forthcoming trilogue to discuss the points of interest to Parliament.
Importing authorities will be able to issue their own certificates on aeronautical products, parts or appliances without duplicating all the assessments carried out by the exporting authority.
Imposing a further reduction in emissions from 20% to 30% may cause a great deal of damage as far as climate change is concerned.
Improved cooperation between EU Member States on bilateral, regional and interregional levels is not only a crucial part of the European Union's mandate but also increasingly necessary in maintaining EU solidarity as we tackle a growing number of issues. I supported this resolution because it acknowledges that we need to simplify the implementation elements of these levels of cooperation and involve private actors especially with regard to cooperation on economic development. EU Member States will continue to greatly benefit from enhanced mediums for cooperation with other Member States.
Improved coordination on economic and fiscal policy, particularly within the Eurozone, would be good for Europe's long term economic growth but must be based on the right rules.
Improvements in terms of infrastructure and of building adequate facilities for unloading fish along Mauritania's central and southern coasts must be promoted, to enable the EU fleet to operate more efficiently, thereby facilitating the flow of investment and increasing this agreement's impact on the local economy.
Improving governance through the additional involvement of authorities with decentralised management capacities is the way to respond to the need for absorption, efficiency and simplification, all of which are desirable when implementing cohesion policy.
Improving the Member States' development and growth plans, optimising the coordination of budgetary policies and strengthening the procedures for monitoring deficits and national debt are just some of the priorities to be pursued.
Improving the security and governance of the Schengen area in a time of increased pressure is a means to this end.
In 10 years, the euro has established itself as the second most widely used currency in the world.
In 1963-64, civil unrest, and the subsequent Turkish invasion and occupation of Cyprus in 1974, resulted in approximately 2 000 Turkish as well as Greek Cypriots going missing.
In 1987, the Commission recommended that all acts that had up to 10 amendments be codified, so that Community legislation would be easier to understand.
In 1990, in his book Bound to Lead, the eminent American professor, Joseph Nye, invented the concept of 'soft power'. What does it mean? Soft power is the capacity an international player has to influence others by non-coercive means, such as cultural dynamism.
In 1998, the EU set out the requirement for importers to present proof of origin for products falling under Section XI of the Combined Nomenclature, listed in Annex I to Council Regulation (EEC) No 3090/93, and which have been made in third countries.
In 1999 Greece did not meet any criteria, and only two years later it was already in the euro.
In 2001, the United Nations Organisation for Food and Agriculture (FAO) created an International Plan of Action to Prevent, Deter and Eliminate Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing (IPOA-IUU). In 2005, the FAO approved a series of measures that port states for fishing or fish-transportation vessels must adopt to combat illegal fishing.
In 2002, the Barcelona European Council called for EU members to provide childcare to at least 90% of children between the age of three years and mandatory school age by 2010, and to at least 33% of children under three.
In 2002, the Estonian Parliament declared the deportations to be a crime against humanity.
In 2004, when the Erasmus Mundus exchange programme was launched, with the help of a large majority in this Parliament, I got the European Commission to agree to take the necessary measures to ensure quality in this programme. A 'European Quality Charter for Mobility' was even created.
In 2005, the World Trade Organisation repealed the restrictions on imports originating in Member States, and the European Union should also simplify the legislation in force with a view to creating a better and clearer legislative environment for businesses, mainly with respect to the simplification of customs formalities carried out by importers of certain textile products released for free circulation in the Community. I believe that the amendments mentioned will ensure the uniformity of the rules for import and will align the rules relating to imports of textiles with those for other industrial goods, which should improve the overall consistency of the legislative environment in this area.
In 2006, Parliament and the Council adopted the decision on which the initiative is based.
In 2006, the Commission proposed a 'one-stop shop' to register lobbyists of the Commission and Parliament.
In 2006, the Commission proposed the creation of a 'one-stop shop' register for lobbyists in the Commission and the European Parliament, through the 'European Transparency Initiative'. Indeed, transparency is essential to the functioning of the European institutions, which are often accused of a lack thereof.
In 2006, the Council invited the EU and the Member States to extend their national accounts to the main aspects of sustainable development, proposing short- and medium-term methods to develop global indicators that could lead to better public debate and contribute to decision making based on the economic impact of the environmental measures to be implemented. I voted in favour of this report as I agree with this first step towards developing environmental accounting that is more comprehensive, since, according to the relevant European and national statistics offices, it is only in these areas that data for the whole of Europe is currently available.
In 2007 the Council adopted Regulation (EC) No 894/2007 on the conclusion of a Fisheries Partnership Agreement between the European Community and the Democratic Republic of São Tomé and Príncipe, which included a protocol setting out the fishing conditions and the respective financial contributions, which expired on 31 May 2010.
In 2007, the Committee for Fisheries of the Food and Agriculture Organisation of the United Nations (FAO) agreed to draw up a legally binding international instrument on port state measures to deter illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing.
In 2007, the European Parliament, alongside the Commission, the Club of Rome, the World Wildlife Fund (WWF) and the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), organised a conference on the theme of 'Beyond GDP', at which those involved advocated the need to develop other indicators complementary to gross domestic product (GDP). This report, by Mrs Rosbach, is based on a communication tabled by the Commission on 28 September 2009 called 'GDP and beyond - Measuring progress in a changing world', and it reflects this need to provide politicians and researchers with data that is more comprehensive.
In 2008, Parliament had called for these records to be merged so as to facilitate record-keeping.
In 2008, the Commission presented, as part of the European Economic Recovery Plan, the programme which involved the European Investment Bank offering a global package of EUR 30 billion in loans earmarked for SMEs.
In 2008, the EU decided to create its own satellite navigation system (Regulation (EC) No 683/2008), Galileo and the European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service (EGNOS), with the objective of ensuring Europe's independence and autonomy, raising its market share and putting the industry in a position to be competitive in a strategic and fast-growing market.
In 2008, the European Commission adopted a proposal for a Directive on Consumer Rights, which consolidated the four existing Community directives into a single legal instrument, with the aim of simplifying and standardising the existing regulatory framework in the area of consumer protection.
In 2009, the European Union and Japan accounted for approximately 20% of the world economy and in 2010, bilateral trade was worth EUR 120 billion.
In 2009, this banking crisis led to a deep economic crisis in the real economy.
In 2010, 26% of the European Union's imports from Canada and 37% of the European Union's exports to Canada related to trade in machinery and transport equipment. I would like to know what impact this agreement is having on the European Union's industrial policy strategy and on its strategy on raw materials and rare earths.
In 2010, EU countries achieved just one out of five benchmarks set for education, and that does not augur well for Europe 2020.
In 2010, a new working group approved a draft agreement for the establishment of a 'transparency register' which ensures the widest possible participation of all categories of operator, while respecting their different or specific identities.
In 2010, the EU had not met the Lisbon strategy target of spending 3% of its GDP on research and development.
In 2011, the Commission intends to present a communication on corporate social responsibility outlining proposals for further action at international level, including promoting cooperate social responsibility in relations with partner countries.
In 2013, 800 MHz will be freed up, in 2015, 1 200 MHz, and that is badly needed if Europe wants to remain amongst the global frontrunners.
In Amendment 14, I propose to replace 'countries' by the expression 'countries and territories'.
In April, they carried out a series of attacks on Christian buildings in Beni Ahmad, Bashtil and Kamadir.
In Austria, we have a saying: if you do not pay up, the band does not play.
In Council Regulation (EC) 2007/2000, the European Union granted exceptional unlimited duty-free access to EU markets for almost all products originating in the countries and territories benefiting from the stabilisation and association process.
In Denmark, too, the reasons were of an internal political nature.
In Europe and around the world, 14 June draws attention to the often forgotten suffering of small states and peoples, particularly in the former Soviet Union.
In Europe, R&D expenditure is low compared to other global powers, due to a lack of private investment and favourable conditions for innovation. I agree with the rapporteur that we really need better coordination of research projects and cofinancing within the Union.
In Europe, close to two immigrant women out of three have low-skilled jobs, often in the sector of healthcare or domestic work.
In Europe, the cultural sector plays a key role and attracts citizens, enterprises and investment, thereby highlighting Europe as a dynamic, stimulating place to live and work.
In Europe, there are contractual forms that affect immigrants and women in this area of domestic service which are very precarious and contain major loopholes.
In Finland, a party for which dissociating itself from Portugal has become a hobbyhorse illustrates the extent to which the debt problem is worrying the public.
In Germany we have a particularly large number of small and medium-sized businesses.
In Germany, for example, the reality is that I, as someone who is covered by this legislation given my employment of domestic staff, need to call on the assistance of a tax advisor quite simply because there is so much red tape and the statutory stipulations are so complicated.
In Germany, the responsibility lies with 16 federal states and two ministries, which is too finely distributed for a European crisis.
In Hungary, there is no Lukashenko party. I am not from Hungary and I am not from a Social Democratic party or group here, but I refuse to accept that a Member of this Parliament can criticise somebody else in this Parliament as being a member of a dictatorship party in another non-EU country.
In Ireland, GDP is down 20% from its peak - an almost incredible figure.
In Italy, the search for suitable sites has been suspended.
In January 2011, as provided for in the CPA, a referendum marked the last leg of the road towards the independence of the south from northern Sudan.
In January, we had the problems of toxins in Germany; now we have bacteria problems, again in Germany.
In Jorge Semprún, we celebrate someone who was imprisoned in Buchenwald concentration and extermination camp, someone who fought Nazi forces in France and the Franco dictatorship in my country, Spain.
In June 2010, the Commission published the Action Plan on Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) Applications, which includes 24 specific recommendations.
In June of last year, we - the EU and the USA - drew up a joint declaration on combating terrorism which states that the war on terror must be in accord with the fundamental values and the principle of the rule of law.
In June, the International Labour Organisation (ILO), which is to have its annual conference, should adopt a convention on domestic workers requiring that they enjoy equal treatment with other workers, and that all the conditions for dignified work are met.
In Libya alone, we managed to support through our aid 55 000 people being able to get home. I did not oppose a no-fly zone in the European Council and Prime Minister Cameron will back that up; that is not at all what I said.
In Libya, there is a civil war in which the divided Europeans are intervening half-heartedly with half of their resources.
In Lithuania, and at EU level, there is often a lack of clear information, data and indicators, and I therefore support the rapporteur's proposal to provide a better report on social indicators. I hope that this will provide more comprehensive information for developing policies.
In March 2000, the Council set the European Union the ambitious objective of becoming 'the most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based economy in the world' by 2010.
In March and June 2010, the European Council adopted the Europe 2020 strategy, the main priority of which is enhanced coordination of economic policy strategies in the Member States and, as a long-term goal, sustainable and inclusive growth and sustainable employment.
In May, the Council agreed to reverse qualified majority voting in two places in addition to the general approach.
In Mr Schlyter's report, Parliament has now examined transitional arrangements for managing investment agreements that Member States have already concluded with third countries.
In North Africa and the Arab world, that destination will not be reached quickly or without setbacks, but building deep democracy is the only way that destination will be reached at all.
In November 2009, the FAO Conference approved the Agreement on Port State Measures to Prevent, Deter and Eliminate Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing that may help to minimize this type of fishing and ensure the long-term conservation and sustainable use of living marine resources and marine ecosystems, as well.
In November 2010, the working group was able to approve a draft agreement for the establishment of a 'transparency register' which ensures the widest possible participation of all categories of operator, while respecting their different or specific identities.
In November last year, unemployment among young people reached 21% across the EU.
In Poland, for example - as has also been mentioned previously - where the largest number of European Arrest Warrants are issued, the judicial authorities simply do not have the power to stop national proceedings because the system has become automatic. I do not believe that this is what was intended.
In Poland, for example, there is the Konstanty Kalinowski Scholarship Programme, which is operated, among others, by the Centre for East European Studies in the University of Warsaw - an international study centre which enables students from the East and the Balkans to study in Poland.
In Sri Lanka, the civilian population was bombed, among other atrocities.
In Vienna, we have an international meeting, under the umbrella of the United Nations.
In a Europe that looks to the future, thinking about young people must be a priority.
In a changing world, our Union needs to be more than a purely economic Union.
In a chapter on cooperation between committees, the working party proposed not only that the position of an associated committee in the procedure with associated committees - Rule 50 (formerly Rule 47) of the Rules of Procedure - should be strengthened, but also that a new form of cooperation between committees, subsequently introduced by means of the new Rule 51, should be developed.
In a context of budgetary restrictions - which rules out public money as a solution - and increased global competition, Europe must react in order to get itself back into the innovation race. I think that it is essential to focus on structural reforms that will eliminate the obstacles holding back the considerable potential for innovation in Europe. I therefore supported this report, which notably points the finger at the high costs associated with the filing of patents in all Member States, and calls for a speedy agreement on the single European patent. I am also pleased to see that proposals by my political family have been taken up - in particular, the creation of a European innovation fund, which will simplify access to European credits for our small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). Liberating the capacity for innovation in Europe requires setting a minimum spending threshold, in terms of research and development, in each Member State.
In a context of difficult recovery and of increased international economic competition, establishing a European strategy would be welcome.
In a context where populism is on the increase, the effectiveness and even relevance of EU policies are regularly brought into question.
In a context where recruitment is becoming more and more difficult, and where the practices that fishermen must adopt continue to become ever more restrictive, the increase in fuel prices makes conditions even more difficult in this crisis-hit sector.
In a context where the economic situation of some countries like Greece is weakening the euro, the will and determination shown by Mr Draghi for steering a steady course for a strong currency are indispensable for ensuring the credibility of our economy. I also welcome the appointment of a man who has all the qualities required to fill such a post.
In a country such as France, however, we also know that we will need 20 to 25 years to phase out nuclear power, and the latest studies giving the statistics on serious nuclear accidents predict that there will be an accident somewhere in the world within the next fifteen years.
In a democratic system, which the EU aspires to, it is completely natural for there to be a high level of transparency in the decision-making process.
In a few minutes, I will send you all another e-mail reminder and detailed instructions on what you should do when the alarm sounds and what it consists of. All this information will be found in the e-mail.
In a further communication, in 2004, the Commission set out the follow-up to that action plan and also proposed to review the Union acquis in this area.
In a globalised world where purchases are increasingly made over the Internet, it is becoming essential to adapt legislation to the new requirements of the market, with a view to defending the rights of consumers who, very often, do not even know them.
In a globalised world, quality education and vocational training are the vital keys that every young person should have when entering the labour market.
In a nutshell it would increase the burden on the British taxpayer by the EU. I also believe that it contribute to the argument of those who want to eliminate the British rebate since they will be able to claim that these moneys will also be given to British farmers.
In a nutshell, both the problems faced by auxiliary services, TV stations, public service broadcasters and the continuing problems concerning interferences that could arise, that is, problems with local microphones, will be a thing of the past. I therefore sincerely hope that, on the basis of this excellent and promising report, we will be able to reach agreement with the Commission as early as the first reading.
In a nutshell, this depends on a strong Europe, a goal also expressed in the motto of the European Council's Hungarian Presidency.
In a period when many Member States are suffering from the 'Mediterranean dilemma', whereby the country needs fiscal expansion in order to stimulate growth, but it cannot be done because never-ending austerity measures would be inevitable due to the country's indebtedness, we cannot respond by decreasing or approving the current EU budget that is fundamentally aimed at development.
In a previous parliamentary term, when Mr Bütikofer was not yet a Member of Parliament, a penalty was imposed on the chair of a group because he voted on behalf of his neighbour.
In a referendum in January of this year, the people of South Sudan voted with an overwhelming majority in favour of independence and breaking away from the northern part of Sudan.
In a representative democracy, it is important that Union institutions be able to establish and maintain open, transparent and regular dialogue with the public, their representative associations and civil society.
In a short while we will be voting on the package on economic governance, which sets out responsible measures in order to adhere to the Stability and Growth Pact, clean up public finances and allow growth to pick up. Cohesion policy is the second pillar on which this growth must rely, a sustainable, intelligent and inclusive growth.
In a situation where many Member States are implementing tough fiscal measures, the EU budget needs to be better justified than ever before.
In a speech on 7 April of this year, your colleague, Commissioner Potočnik, announced that, despite the Commission having avoided this issue and done nothing for many years, he intended presenting a communication in the autumn of this year in which he would tackle the problem, in particular with regard to implementation of existing regulations and an improved inspection system, as well as a broadening of the scientific base.
In a time of crisis, it is important to have an outstandingly qualified woman in this top role as, in a crisis, female qualities could provide real added value, topped off with quality.
In a turbulent global context, and at a time of economic and financial crisis, the EU is being called upon to enhance its strategic autonomy to uphold its values, pursue its interests and protect its citizens by developing a shared vision of the main challenges and threats and by aligning its capabilities and resources to adequately respond to them, thereby contributing to the preservation of international peace and global security, also by pursuing effective multilateralism.
In a turbulent global context, and at a time of economic and financial crisis, the EU must enhance its strategic autonomy to uphold its values, pursue its interests and protect its citizens by developing a shared vision of the main challenges and threats and by aligning its capabilities and resources to adequately respond to them, thereby contributing to the preservation of international peace and global security.
In a very targeted way, he has focused in advance on a number of questions, he has put six questions to the Commission and I have to say that we have achieved what we asked for. I also have to thank the Commission.
In a world of global transfers of assets and capital, and as a logical consequence of the EU's common commercial policy, the investment policy of Member States also has to be coordinated and decided at EU level.
In accordance with Article 21 of the Treaty on European Union, the EU is formally committed to effective multilateralism with a strong UN at its core, which is essential in order to address global challenges, such as climate change and environmental degradation, the universality and indivisibility of human rights, poverty reduction and development for all, the consequences of demographic change and migration, and international organised crime. I agree that the EU should play a proactive part in building a United Nations that can effectively contribute to global solutions, peace and security, democracy and a world order based on the principles of the rule of law.
In accordance with Rule 123, it will be forwarded to its addressees and published in the Texts Adopted of this sitting, together with the names of the signatories.
In accordance with the EU guidelines on the death penalty, we are exerting strong pressure on the United States to abolish the death penalty at a national level, and at the level of the US federal states, and we are calling for a pardon in individual cases.
In accordance with the concept of shared duties or shared management, it is the Member States and/or the regions that are responsible for the implementation of the programmes on the ground.
In accordance with these principles we intend to introduce measures against excessive dependence on ratings in our forthcoming legislative proposal for the banking sector, the so-called CRD4.
In actual fact, even old and large Member States have been finding it difficult coping with the flow of emigrants.
In addition to FRONTEX, which you have already mentioned, what actions does the European Commission intend funding to support those Member States that have been worst hit by asylum applications and, above all, to prevent the future intensification of the influx of economic migrants? In other words, what actions does it intend funding through the Mediterranean neighbourhood policies to prevent widespread immigration in the coming months and years?
In addition to all these measures, there is also a need for better coordination between the financial support allocated to rural development and the other regional policies and for the maintenance of CAP funding at a level ensuring that all the proposed tasks can be achieved.
In addition to considerations about the 'digital dividend' to be shared among Internet services (that is to say, the 800 MHz band), we have to look to the future and survey the opportunities afforded by the next potential radio bands, such as the 700 MHz band.
In addition to disassociating itself from a policy of this nature that goes against the fundamental rights of women, the European Commission must do its utmost to ensure that the Hungarian Government puts a stop to all campaigns seeking to call into question the right to abortion.
In addition to duties, more effective trade cooperation is hindered by the numerous obstructions that Japan has placed in the way of standardisation and access to public procurement and government contracts.
In addition to humanitarian assistance in the first hours of the disaster, the EU also has sought other ways to support the economic recovery of the country embodied in the proposed regulation.
In addition to strengthening innovation, we need to look at how it can directly benefit the citizens of the European Union.
In addition to the bail-out of these countries, and in addition to the financial aid, I would like to know which measures are being taken to relieve the burden of taxes, external demand and interest on these countries from a macro-economic perspective.
In addition to the fact that European taxpayers' pockets will be hit, unemployment will rise if production is limited, and jobs will move outside the borders of the European Union.
In addition to the human suffering, Madagascar's biodiversity is under threat.
In addition to the issue of the frequencies, this concerns cultural diversity and also involves taking into consideration which technical options are and are not available and affordable.
In addition to the need for new funding, better coordination is also required between the European Union, Member States and regions on research, development and innovation (RDI).
In addition to this solidarity, however, I should like to stress that the second basic principle is the responsibility that the countries themselves have. I must therefore also ask the Commission to look more into this.
In addition to this, ladies and gentlemen, only 15% of the funds collected through the Eurovignette - which was conceived as a funding source for infrastructures - will finally be used to fund trans-European networks, and not as a requirement but merely as a recommendation.
In addition to this, the Commission is working closely with Member States and the EU Presidencies for the development of indicators for the follow-up at EU level of the 12 areas of concern of the so-called Beijing Platform for Action.
In addition to this, the final report failed to acknowledge the amount of money being wasted on Strasbourg.
In addition, Alexander Lukashenko is losing control, not only over the situation in the country, but also over his own behaviour, which can be seen in the astonishing, shocking and offensive statements made in reference to the President of Ukraine and Mr Barroso.
In addition, I ask the Vice-President of the Commission and High Representative that, when she launches or opens this investigation into the situation in Camp Ashraf, that she also investigate the human rights abuses being committed against the population by the Mujahedin, which have been witnessed and documented by organisations such as Human Rights Watch.
In addition, I believe that further measures under the Small Business Act should also cover improved availability of funding, access to risk capital markets and the development of points of single contact in the Member States to facilitate administrative procedures.
In addition, I believe that if a Member State would like to extend the scope of application of European law to domestic transactions as well, it should be free to do so. It is very true to say that this is not the solution to every problem.
In addition, I have proposed that we be more ambitious and say that the European Union should free up 1 200 MHz in the 1.5 GHz band and the 2.3 GHz band, and that we should also start the discussion about the 700 MHz band - because if we do not start it now, we will not have the opportunity to take decisions in the future - and we should use the 5 GHz band for common licence-free use for all short-distance mobile Internet communications.
In addition, I think the Agency does a very important job and I support the recent efforts made to involve the public more on important environmental matters, such as climate change, biodiversity and the management of natural resources.
In addition, I would like to explain that I will also be concerned over the next few months with drawing up strict and objective legal regulations governing nuclear waste. I was rather surprised that the committee did not categorically exclude the possibility of exporting waste to third countries by a large majority.
In addition, Member States themselves have agreed that they will each introduce their own legislation on fiscal rules - not necessarily German constitution debt breaks - but rules tailor-made in each country to keep them in line with their obligations under the Treaty.
In addition, Mrs Balzani has drafted a mandate that is very reasonable, since it includes all the conditions to be negotiated in the next financial perspective.
In addition, all in- and out-going post between EU institutions and lobbyists must be made public.
In addition, allowance has been made for the possibility of a certain dependence of tolls on vehicle movement (road congestion) at peak hours - for a maximum, however, of five hours a day. I think that this solution will successfully encourage avoidance of the use of some sections of road during peak hours.
In addition, as my colleagues have already pointed out, the new Hungarian constitution refers to the Charter of Fundamental Rights, which is a new constitutional element, and considers the minorities of Hungary as an integral part of the Hungarian political community.
In addition, attacks in the areas defended by UN troops have been reported, which jeopardises the lives of soldiers and the return of the refugees. I must highlight the importance of the gradual disarming of the groups blocking the implementation of the referendum's results.
In addition, care must be taken to ensure that any court judgments are enforced quickly, so that the individuals or companies responsible and liable for compensation have no margin to evade their responsibility by simply transferring their assets to another jurisdiction, thereby denying effective enforcement of the judgment on the debtor within the Single Market.
In addition, changes to the EU's Staff Regulations can only be made within the framework of a codecision procedure between Parliament and the Council.
In addition, economic development has promoted political stability throughout the region.
In addition, granting the Western Balkan countries privileged access to the European Union market will also enable us to encourage more rapid integration of their economies with that of the European Union.
In addition, improving controls at external borders must be combined with fighting the corruption of local authorities. I voted against this measure for the reasons stated and to better protect our citizens against illegal immigration.
In addition, in order to combat unemployment among low-skilled people, as well as to promote the employment of senior citizens, it is imperative to encourage the recognition of national qualifications between the Member States, and to encourage certification by validating skills acquired through informal apprenticeship.
In addition, it has also become clear that there are substantial weak points in the European crisis management system for crises in foodstuffs.
In addition, it is noted that Sarajevo has a special place in European history and culture and will commemorate several important anniversaries in 2014, and the City Council of Sarajevo and local cultural operators have undertaken extensive preparations in their candidature for this title. I therefore believe that the Council should award the title of European Capital of Culture exceptionally to Sarajevo in 2014.
In addition, it reminds the agencies of the importance of fully guaranteeing the independence of their staff and experts.
In addition, it would run the real risk of being used to bypass protective national provisions, especially in relation to consumer rights.
In addition, no decisions have yet been taken regarding the headquarters in Belgium, which makes it significantly more difficult for the Clean Sky Joint Undertaking to function efficiently.
In addition, policy makers are constantly making disparaging remarks about the media.
In addition, the Commission keeps its website dedicated to this outbreak up to date.
In addition, the Council should also include in the report evaluations of coordination and coherence between the CFSP and other external policies of the Union, as well as strategic and organisational recommendations for the future on the basis of the assessment of CFSP actions. I would like to draw attention to the fact that the annual report on the CFSP should serve as an instrument for enhanced interinstitutional dialogue in order to evaluate its effectiveness and outline the future direction of this policy.
In addition, the European Parliament was able to put its clear stamp on this regulation.
In addition, the Member States themselves should give priority to investment in institutional capacity, and simplify administrative provisions in order to reduce the administrative burden.
In addition, the accountability which results from transparency requirements is an important instrument for preventing all kinds of abuse.
In addition, the climate and energy package contains three specific mechanisms to balance overall costs across Member States, so that efforts are shared in a fair and equitable manner.
In addition, the directive stipulates that money collected in this way should be used to finance effective and environmentally friendly transport systems.
In addition, the human rights situation in this country remains more than critical.
In addition, the improvement in the quality and number of nursery schools and structures for early childhood - as provided for in the objectives set out in the conclusions of the European Council meeting in Barcelona - allows working parents to balance home life and work.
In addition, the package we put forward last week urges rational reflection, taking into account short-term needs for strengthened external borders as well as a broader approach to asylum and migration.
In addition, the principle has been established that Member States will be able to specify the use to be made of revenue generated from tolls collected and that at least 15% will have to be used for financial support for TEN-T projects.
In addition, the referendums must go ahead in the Abyei, South Kordofan and Blue Nile regions, within the framework of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement.
In addition, the section of the border between Bulgaria, Turkey and Greece, which is one of the EU's most vulnerable external borders in terms of illegal emigration, poses an extremely significant problem.
In addition, the uncontrolled management of the country's natural resources threatens prospects for development for future generations and paves the way for an ecological disaster.
In addition, the use of satellites will provide an opportunity to develop and use a great many different applications. I sincerely hope that the development and putting into practice of the systems, applications and solutions specified in the report goes as planned, and that, already in the next few years, the various solutions will find an application, which will make companies' and citizens' lives easier and enhance safety at sea, in the air and on the roads.
In addition, the young generation needs a consistent strategy on mobility for increasing development in the area of science and culture. I support measures for cultural diplomacy, which can also be helped by the work of parliamentary delegations.
In addition, their parents do not have to give up their professional aspirations because of a lack of childcare support centres.
In addition, there is a need to involve non-state actors more in multilateral policy making and to promote and facilitate improved consultation with civil society organisations and social partners in the future governance structures of international organisations.
In addition, this complexity constitutes a significant source of errors, as underscored by the Court of Auditors in several of its audit reports.
In addition, through the dispute settlement provisions, we are reducing the policy space for India, and for the EU and its Member States, to introduce, for example, new environmental legislation.
In addition, we are delighted to see that the greening component will be a compulsory part of the first pillar, while direct payments will be shared out more evenly between individual Member States and different agricultural sectors.
In addition, we must focus on reducing tariffs and the regulatory measures which accompany them.
In addition, we should note the difference in regulations on genetically modified organisms.
In addition, we will support bilateral safeguard measures, as was the case with the South Korea FTA, to avoid serious injury to sensitive sectors such as automotives, electronics, aviation and machinery.
In addition, you promised that when evaluating the performance audit you will set clear standards; this is an obligation that you have anyway under the Treaty of Lisbon.
In adopting the report on the proposal for a directive on the management of spent fuel and radioactive waste, Parliament is showing that it is particularly sensitive to this issue and demonstrating a clear desire to find common, definitive solutions to the storage of nuclear waste in Europe.
In adopting this text, the European Parliament is demonstrating its opposition to regressive tendencies and proposing that the future CAP budget remain at least at the same level as the 2013 budget, thereby ensuring that farmers receive the support they need to invest in new technologies, a crucial step if this sector is to remain competitive.
In all cases, the intention is the same: to prevent countries from protecting their own companies in public procurement, so as to make things easier for the big companies of the powers that also want to use competition, which is seen as the be all and end all, to dominate the awarding of public contracts.
In all cases, the prime concern must be to consider the higher needs and interests of the child.
In all the measures that we undertake we must ensure the safety of the general public and the environment. I support the implementation of the 'safety culture', which entails the provision of safety standards, independent and strong regulators, suitable human and financial resources and sufficient information to the general public.
In all the understandable panic, there must not, under any circumstances, be a witch-hunt, as that would drive many hard-working farmers throughout Europe to the wall.
In all these areas, Europe and the Member States must commit themselves, so that the Erasmus programme, which is one of the EU's greatest successes, becomes a success for everyone.
In allowing the EU to forge a foreign policy agenda, there will come a point when we have a situation involving a third country that divides Member States and is not the unanimous wish of the Union as a whole.
In an effort to encourage European cooperation to support the Europe 2020 strategy, I would like to give my full backing to three points highlighted in this report.
In an excellent article published in the Financial Times yesterday, Mario Monti deplored both the excessive deference to big Member States and the 'culture of politeness' in the Council, which meant that Member States refused to call each other to account for failings. I would rather more crudely call it: 'I will scratch your back if you scratch mine'. This was disastrous over the issue of Greece's fraudulent statistics.
In an increasingly globalised world, it is essential that the EU make use of its international influence to ensure that workers' rights are protected in a model that respects personal dignity. A series of issues emerges in this context, such as choosing the appropriate instrument for the EU to exert its influence.
In an increasingly globalised world, it is important for young people to be able to expand their education and training through mobility.
In an unstable economic climate, we must not neglect to invest substantially in early childhood education and care (ECEC) services. I feel that the Member States should devote appropriate resources to ECEC services.
In answer to Mr Lichtenberger's question, I would like to say that we have established that Austria's EIA Act now meets the threshold requirements.
In anticipation of Parliament's report, we have already begun working with the Member States to develop further and more clearly the precise information needs at EU level.
In anticipation of the White Paper, the legislation now envisaged requires the Member States and the Commission to take the next steps towards a more sustainable and interoperational transport system, with a harmonised charging system internalising more external costs.
In any case, although the objective of introducing an optional instrument is to facilitate cross-border trade, taking the needs of consumers and companies into due account, it must be borne in mind that existing European legislation already satisfies the needs of the various actors involved.
In any case, even if our efforts turn out to be in vain, it will, at least, be an excellent opportunity to debate how sensible it is to use exceptional trade advantages as a means of emergency aid - or, as in this case, as a means of political repayment for a given country - and what limits such usage has.
In any case, it is a shared concern, and therefore we must ensure that we provide high-quality training and that there is guidance available.
In any case, now is not the time to say that the optional instrument is the last word on the matter, but instead we should look more closely at the other options, too - the toolbox that was mentioned and the contract models.
In any case, we had a tough struggle.
In any event, my predecessor, Mrs Hübner, also put in place an action plan together with Parliament in this regard, the efficacy of which is already evident and which has shown its effect.
In any event, the towns of Europe are centres of economic activity, innovation and employment and supporting them is therefore important, especially in times of economic recession.
In any event, while the fiscal effort of the past year is unprecedented - over 7% of GDP, or EUR 20 billion - it is clear that Greece has to seriously reinforce the implementation of the economic reforms, achieve a breakthrough in the privatisation programme, and then ensure its full implementation.
In assessing them, we are interested in consideration being given to the specific nature of the nuclear technology used in Romania, compared with the nuclear technologies used in the EU. This is why I think that the following points should be borne in mind when carrying out and assessing the stress tests:
In assessing this proposal I will place emphasis above all on its specific form, stressing its use exclusively in transboundary cases, the jurisdiction for the exercise of these measures and also the restriction on the exercise of these measures only to cases where it is absolutely necessary.
In both countries, opportunities will be created for business and the manufacturing sector, thanks to the elimination of substantially all imported tariffs and improved market access for services and investors.
In brief, is it not the case that we have deadlock on our hands here? It very much looks like it. Besides, the Russian economy, which is mainly driven by oil and gas, does not really need accession to the WTO.
In brief, the report shows no trace of understanding of prudent budgetary management, in light of the enormous economic problems facing European economies. 'Cut your coat according to your cloth' is a better suggestion than this undesirable call for more and new resources.
In cases involving former members of the government, a clear distinction must be made between criminal and political responsibility.
In certain situations, specific segments and sectors that are economically, ecologically and socially sensitive, I feel that optional coupled aid should also be available.
In closing, I would just like to say that the IMF must be placed under an obligation to work in the interests of reducing global imbalances and poverty.
In closing, however, I would just like to offer my sincere thanks to Mrs Pack and to support her when I say that having Sarajevo as a European Capital of Culture is not a derogation, it is a must!
In committee, we decided to recommend increasing the future budget by 5%. Five percent sounds like a lot, at least it does if we go home to our own capital cities and explain that we need another 5%. On the other hand, 5% is very little when we consider the challenges that the EU is facing, and when we know only too well that the EU has actually been given a number of new tasks that it really ought to take care of properly, and we cannot do that without funds.
In compliance with the Commission's proposal, Member States should therefore be provided with a methodology, common standards, definitions, classifications and accounting rules, which should be put together within a binding framework for each of them.
In conclusion on Youth on the Move, I would like to thank the rapporteur and the honourable Members once again for their support.
In conclusion, I believe that this report marks a first step in the development of this sector.
In conclusion, I share the concerns expressed by Italian industry representatives that industry is currently not in a position to sign up to more ambitious commitments than those already established by the European Council and confirmed by the Commission in the Emissions Trading Directive.
In conclusion, I should like to emphasise that these critical remarks are not in any way directed against Russia or its people, but the opposite - they are directed against the current government, in order to improve the situation in Russia and make our cooperation more fruitful.
In conclusion, I would congratulate Mr Mitchell on the report he has tabled and I support the suggestions it includes.
In conclusion, I would like to say that I have enjoyed working on the report overall.
In conclusion, a few days ago, the President of the European Council, Mr Van Rompuy, stated that Europeans are not innovative because they are depressed.
In conclusion, it is important to take into account that our efforts here could turn out to be completely in vain if the WTO waiver is not obtained; we do not presently know when, or if, it will end up being granted.
In conclusion, let us remember the extraordinary nature of the earthquake and the strength of the tsunami that hit the Fukushima installation and which has started all this process.
In conclusion, mobility is a horizontal issue, and I therefore urge my colleagues, on the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection, and also on other committees, not to lose sight of the mobility dimension in their work in all areas.
In conclusion, the fundamental reforms of financial regulation and economic governance in the European Union are profoundly changing the economic and financial architecture of Europe.
In conclusion, therefore, I believe it is necessary that the 2012 budget is able to respond to the challenges Europe is facing in a more concrete manner.
In concrete terms, a French customer buying something from a German website will benefit from the same protection as would a German customer.
In concrete terms, we can see that the EU does not have any transmission lines that could transmit a sufficient quantity of electricity from north to south or east to west.
In connection with the above, all Member States concluding agreements with third countries should ensure that their position aligns with the European social model.
In connection with the evacuation drill which took place during voting time, today, all explanations of positions adopted at today's vote will be heard tomorrow - they will be heard together with tomorrow's explanations of vote.
In connection with the hysteria which broke out after the earthquake in Japan and the problems concerning the reactor at the Fukushima power plant, the citizens of certain EU Member States decided to move away from nuclear energy within a relatively short space of time, although there are still no signs of any generalised problem.
In connection with this, financing instruments should be designed in such a way as to ensure long-term economic growth in developing countries.
In connection with this, particular reference has been made to the unforeseen nature of the redundancies and to the impact of the redundancies as regards local, regional and national employment.
In connection with this, the Hungarian Presidency will announce the most important points of Parliament's proposals at next week's meeting of finance ministers, and at this discussion we will ask for a mandate from the Council to reach a successful and speediest possible agreement still in June regarding the six legislative proposals.
In consequence, an EU-negotiated trade agreement is likely to be less beneficial for an individual Member State - and, I have to say, the UK in particular - than if the Member State had been able to negotiate for itself.
In contrast to the draft report, we are no longer calling for a reduction in cofinancing, but, and this is the point I would like to make, we are also not calling for an increase.
In contrast to the last speaker, in my opinion, the trade negotiations are not driven by the interests of raising people out of poverty and improving people's living standards; they are driven by those big business agendas to get more market access and increase profits.
In contrast, Anglo-Franco-German companies would not have to put up with any of these barriers, which would give rise to discrimination on the basis of language.
In contrast, Croatia and Serbia must first haul their war criminals before the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia in The Hague before the Copenhagen criteria can even come into play.
In creating at this precise time - as a rumour, shall we say - the problem of adding even a few centimes - four cents do not appear anything at all to Mrs Durant - right now, when we have just passed through the crisis, or are still in mid-crisis in the case of the cucumber, and due precisely to these irresponsible and false accusations which are without proof, they have dealt a brutal blow to thousands of Spanish families, not just farmers, but also hauliers, because just these few centimes, on thousands of kilometres and products like the Spanish cucumber, will generate a major problem in terms of transporting them to the central market, which is precisely where these accusations originate.
In crises of this kind, it is of crucial importance, both for consumers and for foodstuff producers, that a European coordination cell be set up as quickly as possible to look after both communications and the coordination of the scientific investigation.
In daily meetings with Member State experts, the Commission has coordinated assessment measures: the establishment of common case definitions, case reporting, patient questionnaires, sharing perspectives on treatment, and hygiene advice to the public are some of the outputs we have achieved in a very short time span.
In developing the climate and energy package, the Commission has taken due account of the different circumstances in the Member States in terms of economic development, wealth and energy mix.
In documents relating to the subject of the resolution, both the Council and the Commission have stated that a precondition for launching negotiations is that Japan should remove regulatory barriers to trade, in particular, non-tariff barriers, which place a significant restriction on access to the Japanese market for European entrepreneurs. I believe that we should speed up the process at the highest decision-making levels, which would result in closer trade relations between these two strategic partners.
In doing so, I note that, in 2009, the agency did not receive any subsidy to cover its operations.
In doing so, we are also using spectrum as a vehicle for bridging the digital divide and developing new services that are within the reach not only of large telecommunications companies but also of SMEs and start-ups, which will need them. I believe that this economic dimension is essential.
In doing so, we should address a serious failure under FP7 to provide funding for research in maternal and child health.
In early May 2011, the EU was awarded 'super-observer' status by United Nations General Assembly, which means that it will now be able to take the floor and exercise a right of reply in the Assembly on the same terms as other UN Member States.
In effect our decision is based on the considerations of the Court of Auditors, which issued an opinion with reservations on the legality and regularity of the transactions underlying the budget of the European Police College, by reason of the fact that the procurement procedures did not conform to the provisons of the financial regulation.Therefore I support the request to the College and its Governing Board to inform the discharge authority, by 30 June 2011, of the actions undertaken and improvements made in relation to all the irregular and/or incomplete points raised in the course of this procedure.
In effect, however, you are betraying one of the most important principles of the Treaty of Lisbon, namely Article 4(2): 'The Union shall respect the equality of Member States before the Treaties as well as their national identities, inherent in their fundamental structures, political and constitutional'. If you have not organised or will not organise debates concerning the states I have mentioned above, or failed to remember here, in the European Parliament, that the socialist government of Hungary blatantly ignored the right to assembly in 2006, then you, ladies and gentlemen, are using double measures.
In energy production, the highest numbers of casualties have been reported in locations where dams have burst.
In essence, it confirms many of the warnings and alerts that we made as the Treaty of Lisbon was being debated and then brought into force: an irrefutable course of EU militarisation is under way, and it is now being accelerated and intensified.
In essence, therefore, I think this report is a dangerous leap into the void, with serious consequences as usual for the textile industry, which the European Union continues to mistreat in the face of general indifference.
In essence, we need more Europe, not less Europe, and the Commission needs to say so more forcefully.
In expanding the demands of the Stability and Growth Pact and making penalties tougher, the outcome of the negotiations reveals the political consensus that exists between the three institutions on the course and main alignments of the European Union.
In fact what the Council wants to do is simply to isolate the Parliament. I really wonder why the Council almost constantly seeks to undermine the great achievement that is the codecision role of the European Parliament.
In fact, Agriculture Ministers are holding an extraordinary Council meeting today to address E coli.
In fact, I agree with what the resolution says about how awarding the title of European Capital of Culture to a city which was the scene of such tragic events during the 20th century represents an important step towards overcoming Europe's past divisions and promoting the new Europe.
In fact, I believe that the first step to be taken in preventing future economic crises is to analyse thoroughly the risk factors that may lead to budgetary imbalances, and this report duly addresses this issue.
In fact, I have a lot of faith in that.
In fact, I think that developments in technology and in the means employed by lobbyists will force us to continually review the instrument in order to ensure its effectiveness and to identify, through a directive, who is performing lobbying activities, for how much money and in what way. I am also entirely in favour of ecological footprints - I mean legislative footprints - which publishing the number of lobbyists and the names of the people they met in the reports could provide, and I am in favour of being able to find out exactly who said what and who influenced whom.
In fact, I think that we will see exactly the opposite, through a reinforcement of the European approach to migration and free movement.
In fact, I understand the importance, which was well highlighted by the rapporteur, of greater cooperation between those on the political stage, with the aim of developing and carrying out projects that are more ambitious and useful to all citizens.
In fact, I want to remind you that the Romanian authorities have always supplied all the information required in these international inquiries.
In fact, Mr Schlyter's report arises from the proposal for a regulation of the Commission that provides for the exclusive competence of the EU on foreign direct investment, replacing the agreements put in place by the 27 Member States and also establishing a necessary transition period to be applied to existing bilateral treaties.
In fact, and as the rapporteur mentions, the European Union carries insufficient weight in UN bodies, taking into account the major contributions made by the EU and its Member States.
In fact, apart from a series of sectoral exemptions across a wide range of sectors, the directive is restricted to contracts concluded away from business premises, which increasingly constitute a sizeable proportion of cross-border contracts.
In fact, at the first reading of this report when it was adopted by Parliament with a large majority, it was stressed that we need to launch a broad debate on the labelling of textile products, including the issue of origin marking and we proposed to extend the scope of the regulation to certain sectors.
In fact, contract law determines and organises transactions within the Internal Market, so its potential for both hindering and facilitating those transactions is therefore obvious.
In fact, ensuring that opinions and information can be made known and exchanged publicly in the various sectors in which the Union acts and, at the same time, guaranteeing that the organisations and individuals who play an active part in EU policy making and policy implementation are monitored, are important factors in the democratic lives of the institutions.
In fact, entering the world of work too early increases the risk of unemployment later on, and of a comparatively low standard of living.
In fact, following the Treaty's entry into force, on 1 December 2009, Parliament gained the right to give its consent to agreements covering sectors to which the ordinary legislative procedure applies.
In fact, for certain states, this directive will represent an over-large and over-enthusiastic step forward, while other countries will have to make concessions in the name of European harmonisation.
In fact, in order to continue controlling imports of textile products still subject to remaining quantitative restrictions and originating from Belarus and North Korea, which are not yet members of the World Trade Organisation, the EU now relies on import authorisations.
In fact, in the short term the new regulation provides a comprehensive review clause which invites the Commission to set out, where necessary, further labelling requirements in this area.
In fact, it is one of the topics for the European Council this month, on 23 and 24 June.
In fact, it was thought Mr De Magistris was carrying out his duties as a Member of the European Parliament when he made his comments.
In fact, it would be a good idea to plan a mid-term review to allow for the possibility of revising the ceilings.
In fact, many of the proposals included in this report, such as promoting exchanges for young people and strengthening ties with civil society organisations in third countries, are proposals that I advocated in my report on the Review of the European Neighbourhood Policy - Southern Dimension and were adopted by this House.
In fact, new, sustainable ways for smarter and more efficient use of resources and commodities are increasingly necessary.
In fact, one of the difficulties noted is the complexity and burden of administrative procedures, as a result of which researchers seeking European financing are diverted towards national financing and Europe is made unpopular with regard to research.
In fact, one of the great innovations of the Treaty of Lisbon was giving the European Parliament the right not just to give final approval to agreements on, inter alia, international trade after their negotiation, but also to be informed about every stage of negotiations, from the outset.
In fact, research and technological development are the keystone of this sector: they will allow for the safe use of nuclear power, which is capable of meeting the energy needs of the food, medical, industrial, agricultural, research and education sectors.
In fact, small and medium-sized enterprises account for 99% of all European enterprises and generate most of the value-added of the real economy and create two-thirds of the jobs in the private sector.
In fact, special safeguard provisions have been created for textile and clothing imports from the People's Republic of China and quantitative restrictions on imports from World Trade Organisation member countries have been lifted.
In fact, such states normally have an increased need for euro cash in the run-up to the introduction of the single currency in their territories, to enable them to quickly and completely engage in EU trade and thereby participate in it to the full.
In fact, the UK receives the second highest number of requests for surrender after Germany.
In fact, the ability to recreate something offered to us and, on that basis, give rise to something new, is fundamental to the development of any economy and, above all, to achieving social welfare.
In fact, the danger of not laying down precise rules is that we will fail to take the decisions necessary to ensure the management of spent fuel and radioactive waste.
In fact, the directives entail a substantial increase in EU interference in the internal economic affairs of Member States, which suggests a sharp decline in the latter's influence.
In fact, the existence of unnecessary administrative burdens, as was the case with proof of origin for certain textile products in cases where there are no quantitative restrictions on the importing of these products to Europe, or in cases where there is a need to present an import authorisation, only impedes the easy flow of international trade that is our intention.
In fact, the real problem is that it is not possible to establish priorities for growth and job creation with a European budget that is essentially frozen.
In fact, they are cooperating and we are now trying to reach some form of pragmatic logistical agreements between the Tunisian authorities and our own agencies.
In fact, we are a Union of 27 democratic states and we have agreed that in common foreign and security policies, decisions should be taken unanimously.
In fact, we must start a debate on how to sustain the international community's commitment to sustainable development and the elimination of poverty - which must also continue beyond 2015.
In fact, we will be witnessing the birth of not one new state but two.
In favour. CRA ratings fulfil several useful purposes.
In financial terms first and foremost, as it represents another boost to European projects for the mobility of young students and improves European schools, stimulating research and debate about the significance of a united Europe and showing what it can offer.
In future, I would like Member States to be able to define thematic sub-programmes: packages of measures which specifically target young farmers and recognise that they are a priority group in the Member State. I am thinking of measures for setting up, vocational training, training services, investing in modernisation and restructuring farms.
In future, an ever increasing number of cash-in-transit operators will be required for the euro in the run-up to the changeover to this currency.
In future, national political bodies will be obliged to sign national management declarations making them accountable for the way in which Union funds have been spent in their countries.
In future, our sole concern should not just be the cooperation between the police and judicial authorities as regards mutual recognition; we must also look at the establishment of procedural standards.
In future, the European system of liability for lack of conformity should be developed in such a way that it improves consumer protection and confidence in the markets: this is fair to businesses and supports an increase in the useful life of products.
In future, there must be a series of stress tests so that dangerous nuclear power plants can be shut down immediately.
In future, we will need an array of instruments, not to ensure that the funds are evenly distributed, but so that other funds with other instruments are used in order to place the emphasis on particular aspects.
In general terms, I believe that we should only use the costly system of the European Arrest Warrant for more serious offences. I think that those who mentioned this were right.
In general the management of migratory flows in the EU and in individual Member States requires the effective management of borders.
In general, agencies are overseen by a governing board whose membership may vary according to the nature of the agency.
In general, the Deß report is more positive than the Commission proposal.
In general, the report proposes that labels should show as much information as possible about the composition of the product and that we should call on the Commission to investigate whether imported products are damaging to human health due to their composition, in order to improve consumer protection.
In general, these are the countries hardest hit by the financial crisis, which has led to a fiscal and economic crisis.
In general, we agree with the implementation of the 3 x 20 objectives which have already been set, but the scale and cost of undertakings associated with the possible adoption of a 30% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions would be enormous.
In his discharge report Mr Rivellini proposes that the European Parliament should grant discharge to the European Economic and Social Committee, the Committee of the Regions, the European Court of Justice, the European Court of Auditors, the European Ombudsman, and the European Data Protection Supervisor and their respective offices.
In increasing investment in research and development to 3% of gross domestic product, we must carry out structural reforms to secure its effective application and accessibility for small and medium-sized enterprises.
In industrialised countries, domestic work accounts for between 5 and 9% of all employment, with the vast majority of the people employed in that sector being women.
In its 2003 report on the application and effectiveness of the EIA Directive, the Commission found that the roots of the multiple problems that were hindering the effectiveness of the EIA provisions lay not necessarily in the implementation of the directive at national level, but rather in its practical application.
In its June 2006 conclusions, the European Council called on the EU and its Member States to extend the national accounts to key aspects of sustainable development.
In its compromise proposal, which was reflected in the WTO waiver request, the Council limited the duration to two years, with the possibility of extending it by one more year.
In its initial assessment of the potential FTA between the EU and India, the Centre for the Analysis of Regional Integration at Sussex concluded that any gains would depend on the extent to which the text identified and dealt with the key areas which the Commissioner specifically mentioned, such as government procurement, services, investment in trade facilitation, etc.
In its most recent report on these matters (February 2011), the Commission stated that Bulgaria needed to improve further the way the judiciary, police and other investigative bodies are structured, managed and cooperate.
In its original form, the report shows an enormous amount of amateurish enthusiasm and a somewhat unrealistic attempt to ignore the reality of electricity supplies today, as well as presenting a catalogue of wishful thinking.
In its position at first reading, adopted on 18 May 2010, Parliament approved 63 amendments with a very large majority, including rules on origin marking, indication of animal-derived materials, use of language-independent symbols and a review clause, but the Council did not accept everything.
In its report on the future strategy for the post-2013 cohesion policy, the European Parliament proposes a balanced position which is favourable to the European Union.
In its reports on the annual discharge for 2006 and 2007 the Court of Auditors issued a qualified opinion on the legality and regularity of the transactions underlying the budget of the European Police College, by reason of the fact that the procurement procedures did not conform to the provisons of the financial regulation.
In its resolution of 11 November 2010, Parliament asked the Commission to introduce procedural, administrative and financial simplification measures into the current management of the Seventh Framework Programme, yet these measures have still not been addressed. I call upon the Commission to acknowledge Parliament's observations and to identify solutions to make it easier for SMEs to access the seventh and eighth research programmes.
In its resolution on implementation of the guidelines for the employment policies of the Member States, the European Parliament asked the European Council 'not to make employment issues secondary concerns when examining the Commission's recommendation in the Annual Growth Survey to make rigorous fiscal consolidation the first priority for the 2011-2012 period'. In terms of the budget, this requirement must translate into strong support for the five principal targets of the Europe 2020 strategy, in particular raising employment levels and reducing the number of people affected by or at risk of poverty or social exclusion.
In itself, the inclusion of macroeconomic imbalances in the universe of economic coordination is positive, but the proper conclusions have not been drawn from it. For example, during the process of applying sanctions, no account is taken of the symmetry and interdependence between countries with trade surpluses and countries with excessive deficits.
In keeping with past practice, the Committee on Foreign Affairs draws up Parliament recommendations to the Council for the session of the United Nations General Assembly.
In keeping with the principles of solidarity and reciprocity that keep this Europe alive, we need to review everything which does not appear to be paying off, to review the Dublin II agreement, as already debated in Parliament, and to share the burdens which each Member State must bear fairly, so that we can all help to keep the dream alive.
In light of the summit, does this debate on the mechanism strengthen the perception of trust - I recall that, anyway, Article 23 of the Schengen Code makes provision for a mechanism for exceptional situations - or does it perhaps ultimately cause renewed concerns in the Member States and in all the States in the Schengen area?
In light of these figures, I feel there is an urgent need to start negotiations on the free trade agreements in order to encourage closer cooperation between these two trading partners and enable them to face common challenges together, such as the global economic crisis and the relentless political and economic rise of China.
In light of this, it is really quite staggering how the Azerbaijani Government has behaved towards peacefully demonstrating people over the last two months.
In line with a General Court judgment, the School Fruit Scheme and the School Milk Scheme, and, in particular, the programme of support for the most needy, have ended up being substantially reduced because it has been ruled that surplus funds should only be mobilised and used up through intervention mechanisms.
In line with our voting on macro-financial assistance (MFA) in the last parliamentary term, the suggestion was made that we abstain in this case because we do not think that MFA is very helpful so long as it is tied to whatever programme the International Monetary fund (IMF) is operating in the countries concerned.
In line with previous reforms, it re-emphasises and deepens the deregulation and liberalisation of markets, and the 'market orientation' of production, so threatening countries' rights to produce and to food security and sovereignty, as well as the survival of small and medium-sized farmers.
In line with recommendations by the Ecofin Ministers at the informal Ecofin in Budapest in April, the programme covers reform in a number of areas, including public finance, labour and product markets and the financial sector.
In line with the Commission communication on the budget review and the conclusions of the fifth report on social cohesion, the Europe 2020 Strategy provides both a clear set of common priorities and the framework for identification of funding priorities post-2013 in line with the objectives of smart, sustainable and inclusive growth, including human capital development.
In line with the report, the Committee on Legal Affairs recommends that the European Parliament should protect the immunity of Mr de Magistris. I voted 'in favour'.
In many cases, average first-sale prices have been stagnating or dropping for a number of years, and this has not resulted in a decrease in price for fresh fish for end consumers.
In many cases, the solutions for adapting tractors to the new engines are not yet available or final.
In many places, almost 50% of the deportees died.
In many regions of the European Union, youth unemployment is above 40%. This is what makes an in-depth review of policies to get young people into work, such as the Youth on the Move report, so necessary.
In many specific cases, the Arrest Warrant is not applied in a proportionate way, as we can see in the reports now available to us. Thus, we need to adjust procedures, both in practice and in legislation.
In monitoring compliance with the rules on budgetary discipline, consideration should also be given to social downturns which may have an impact on the financial position of governments.
In more than 600 patients, the dangerous haemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS) was diagnosed, which can also result in neurological disorders.
In most countries, environmental economic data - whether or not they relate to these three modules - are already collected on a voluntary basis.
In my answer, I highlighted the measures that have already been outlined in Europe 2020 and already they are making their way towards practice in various Member States through effective Commission programmes.
In my capacity as rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, I express my full support for the decision to at least leave the agriculture budget unchanged and I - like many of my colleagues in the AGRI committee - am strongly opposed to the amendment tabled by the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe (ALDE) which would accept possible future cuts in agriculture resources in order to fund other activities.
In my constituency in Scotland, it is the elderly and people who run bed-and-breakfast establishments or self-catering holiday cottages that fall foul of this criminal activity.
In my country and throughout Europe, there are families who struggle to feed and educate their children and do not even consider having a computer, never mind high speed broadband.
In my country's constitution, there is no mention of this issue, and so when will the European Parliament be holding a debate on the Italian constitution? Moreover, it is rather strange because, in my country, the only party that wants to change the constitution is Mr Berlusconi's centre-right party.
In my country, Finland, this legislation is now at a fairly advanced stage, and sometimes, obviously, it makes you wonder if we are not going backwards when we make common laws.
In my country, it takes the Department of Agriculture five years from the time that you actually make an application until you are registered.
In my home country of Germany in the 1970s and 1980s, large amounts of hazardous waste were exported to the former German Democratic Republic and to Eastern Europe and stored there in return for payment in facilities which did not even come close to meeting the standards of the time and which did not provide the best possible protection for the environment and for the population.
In my opinion it is good that the Commission wants to continue working on this. I would like to call on Commissioner Barnier, who promised us that the Commission would take a more energetic approach, to adopt measures to improve this situation.
In my opinion, European values such as respect for human rights, democracy and fundamental freedoms, are also conveyed by our cultural products.
In my opinion, Latvia is a good example in the area of consumer protection, because our standards are some of the highest, but they are proportionate and do not encumber the business environment with bureaucratic requirements.
In my opinion, Parliament must be capable of following the development of negotiations before being faced with the possibility of accepting or rejecting the final wording of individual international agreements.
In my opinion, a better system ensuring fairness, transparency and sufficient budgetary revenues would make it possible for the budgetary decision-making process to focus more on the key priorities of the Union.
In my opinion, a further crucial issue is that of increasing the European Parliament's control and influence over the European Development Fund. I believe that the lack of democratic control over this fund is detrimental to the transparency of development policy.
In my opinion, a return to coal-burning is not, in the current environmental context, a solution for the future or for the creation of a fully-fledged trans-European transport network.
In my opinion, collection of the relevant data, which has been voluntary so far, should become mandatory.
In my opinion, however, Romania and Bulgaria have now proved that they are sufficiently prepared to apply all of the provisions of the Schengen acquis in a satisfactory manner.
In my opinion, human failure played a significant if not a decisive role in Japan before the earthquake and the tsunami, when it came to improving safety and modernising the plant, and after the disaster with regard to keeping the damage to a minimum.
In my opinion, if we are to exit the crisis then we need greater economic integration within Europe, not additional sanctions or restrictions.
In my opinion, incorporation of the 'polluter pays' principle will ensure a reduction of the pollution and noise caused by heavy goods vehicles not fitted with engines which comply with the Euro V and VI standards, as these engines are not subject to road charges.
In my opinion, it is both balanced and ambitious.
In my opinion, it is imperative for the EU that these standards with those of third countries be reconciled, particularly with key trade partners, so as to preserve a basic level of equality in international trade.
In my opinion, it is no less important to have a permanent link between the requirements of the labour market and professional education, a link that has to be highly flexible in this regard, so that future graduates can be best placed on the labour market, bringing about a gradual reduction in unemployment among young people.
In my opinion, it is right for both sides to prioritise efforts to reach agreement over several fundamental points, such as the issues of public procurement, investment and public services.
In my opinion, it is therefore essential to take steps to create a European Credit Rating Agency, which could work towards a new model of credit rating and create the conditions for developing genuine competitiveness.
In my opinion, it is unwise to impose additional financial burdens on businesses at a time of economic difficulty.
In my opinion, it was not very clear.
In my opinion, securing sufficient earmarked funds to cover the inevitable costs for decommissioning nuclear reactors and managing the resulting radioactive waste remains an important open question.
In my opinion, that can only be truly achieved by breaking the dictatorship of the markets and building a democratic socialist society where people's needs come before profits.
In my opinion, the Commission must urgently propose investments, at both European and national levels, in new technologies in order to increase the energy efficiency of fishing vessels and so reduce fishermen's dependency on fossil fuels.
In my opinion, the Commission should cooperate more with Member States in drawing up medium-term and long-term outlooks in relation to the qualifications needed on the job market and in supporting partnerships between universities and the business sector, with the aim of making it easier for young people to enter the job market and helping in the creation of innovative companies based on knowledge, the development of applied research and better prospects for graduates on the labour market.
In my opinion, the Commission should give priority to the modernisation of public procurement rules and dealing with service concessions in such a way as to avoid further fragmentation of EU public procurement law according to the principles of better regulation.
In my opinion, the Commission should take the steps necessary for coordinating implementation of the action plan and securing progress in EU policy areas related to GNSS applications.
In my opinion, the area where there is greatest room for improvement is in public awareness. I think it is inadequate and irresponsible to inform citizens on a given day about which food they should not buy or which food looks suspicious.
In my opinion, the conclusion of any such agreement negotiated by the European Commission would only serve big multinational corporations, both in India and in Europe.
In my opinion, the establishment of high quality international cooperation in the fight against the illegal drugs trade, not only at the European level but especially at the global level, would be one way to improve the effectiveness of the fight against this kind of trade.
In my opinion, the fundamental preconditions for achieving the overall objectives of cohesion policy are sound financial discipline and, above all, transparency in the allocation of funds.
In my opinion, the most important element at this stage in the reform process is to maintain the current budgetary support for the CAP for the period 2014 to 2020.
In my opinion, the proposal to modify impact assessments after the introduction of amendments by Parliament is very important, and I also share the opinion of those who believe that we need to apply uniform criteria for impact assessments in all the institutions.
In my opinion, the six key UN conventions, which are universal and cover all people, do not need to be supplemented by further instruments.
In my opinion, the way the report analyses this issue is quite interesting: it proposes new approaches that will now have to be debated over the coming months, specifically as regards the need for aid to developing countries that is more differentiated, dividing them into groups.
In my opinion, there are still some major gaps that need to be filled in the area of the health issues arising from the fallout.
In my opinion, these tests should not therefore avoid an adequate assessment of the exposure of the banks towards specific state debts, or the debts of other banks, in order to take account of the worst case scenarios in the tests, such as a country becoming bankrupt, for example.
In my opinion, this decision is an important step in increasing transparency and I am waiting impatiently for the EU Council to join the common register.
In my opinion, this initiative is very important and timely. I voted in favour.
In my opinion, this should be followed by specific measures, including financial measures and economic sanctions, which will allow the restoration of freedom and democracy in Belarus.
In my opinion, two aspects are crucial for the future success of FP7.
In my opinion, we cannot ignore the immigration problem, but we must handle it cautiously and decisively.
In my opinion, we must leave it to the Member States to decide how many pre-school facilities they need, because it is not just a question of numbers, but also a question of quality and the culture of a given country. I very much regret the fact that I was unable to vote for this report, but it fundamentally challenged a belief that is dear to me.
In my opinion, we need a record not only of all work undertaken for business or for international concerns, but also all paid lobbying for interest groups such as professional organisations and trade unions.
In my opinion, we need to establish good practices for animal husbandry which minimise the risk of antimicrobial resistance (AMR). These practices should apply, in particular, to young animals which are brought together from different breeders and thus increase the risk of communicable diseases.
In my opinion, we need to try to achieve a maximum extension of the period during which incentives apply to the ecologically cleanest vehicles.
In my opinion, we should focus on the essential reasons why we are here.
In my opinion, with the three Ms and the three Cs, you will find partners in the European Parliament.
In my opinion, you could not become the most sustainable knowledge-based economy in the world without having respect for the values which characterise European society. I believe this will pay dividends in the future.
In my report, I remind the Commission that, during the discussions on the future financial framework, it has committed itself to ensuring that the European Development Fund becomes a truly integral part of the European budget. I hope that that will now be the case and I hope, President-in-Office of the Council, that you will send out the message to the Council and to Member States that, from 2014, the European Development Fund really must become an integral part of the Union budget.
In my view, a very complicated mechanism is being introduced, not least for calculating the amount to be charged. I am therefore critical of this dossier because I believe the way it penalises the geographically more peripheral Member States is unacceptable in this Europe of economic and territorial cohesion.
In my view, it is necessary to launch a comprehensive analysis to obtain a more precise identification of the possible scenarios and means for operation and exploitation after 2013. I fully support the report of Vladimir Remek and I voted in favour.
In my view, it is unacceptable that businesses and even Member States are subject to the judgments of three large American companies, whose ratings have not always been correct and indeed have, at times, led to astonishing blunders, as in the Lehman Brothers affair.
In my view, it should be mandatory for them to be listed on the transparency register. I support, in particular, the idea of a 'legislative fingerprint', which enables those lobbyists met by parliamentarians during the legislative process to be registered.
In my view, our priorities should be policies which promote jobs and growth across the EU, especially at a time when Member States are cutting back on their spending.
In my view, simplifying administrative procedures and cutting red tape is still the most important challenge if we really want to let our businesses - and particularly small and medium-sized enterprises - have access to funds.
In my view, the Commission should never propose such measures without having first quantified the economic and social impact on the various regions of the EU. One of the most serious results of these measures could be in Portugal, where the textile and clothing industry represents 11% of exports and 160 000 jobs, and would be hit hard by subsidised competition from Pakistan.
In my view, the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC) has done a good job, as far as I can see, but we need a better, modern reporting obligation for determining the causes and also a better system for informing the general public.
In my view, the Member States' economic problems will not be solved by simply restricting their powers and their role, and that is why I decided to abstain from the vote.
In my view, there are two main aspects that the review should focus on in particular: overcoming the problems related to the burden and complexity of administrative procedures, as a result of which those seeking European financing are diverted towards national financing.
In my view, there will be no multiannual budgets from 2014 onward so long as those declarations from Member States are not given.
In my view, these types of cultural services and cultural awards, such as the LUX Prize, which would represent savings of a few tens of thousands of euros, are not the right areas in which to make savings, because we can see that culture and creative industry have recently been a source of growth.
In my view, this is clear proof that factors other than sovereign debt enter into the picture and influence markets.
In my view, where we do differ, the differences are such as not to endanger the report, and that is very positive. I therefore would like this report, this directive, to be adopted as soon as possible and for us also to start to implement it. Obviously, I agree with all the Members who have mentioned the fact that the European Parliament only has an advisory role when it comes to nuclear energy. I think that we should have a very serious debate on this at some point in the future and that we should seek a common solution in this area, because this is a question of democracy.
In my work as Chief Rapporteur for the EU budget for 2010 for the area of Other Divisions, I came across concrete examples of bad management.
In offering free trade benefits, the EU must insist that the problems are addressed, and must oversee the process.
In order for the EU 2020 'Youth on the Move' (YoM) flagship initiative to be successful, EU Institutions must create a pragmatic, comprehensive and wide-ranging policy supported by all Member States which focuses on connecting the areas of vocational education, professional qualifications, lifelong learning and apprenticeship to the labour market so as to ensure that each Member State will truly take ownership of the EU's education system.
In order for the EU to negotiate with third countries, they must comply with all the abovementioned requirements.
In order for the Schengen area to be able to function effectively and for the goals set to be achieved, it is necessary to ensure that the abolition of border control does not have negative consequences, particularly as regards illegal migration.
In order not to disrupt trade, it is therefore desirable to extend the application of Council Regulation (EC) No 1215/2009 to 31 December 2015.
In order that Objective 3 can be implemented in the best way possible, therefore, we have asked for a substantial increase in the structural funds earmarked for this objective, with a view in particular to improving transport infrastructure and thus increasing the mobility of European citizens within regions and between them.
In order that citizens of the EU may benefit fully from their internal market, especially in relation to e-commerce, I am voting in favour of the proposal in question.
In order that territorial cooperation should become the symbolic embodiment of the EU for all its citizens, and that policy-makers and civil servants could become acquainted with the practical aspects of territorial cooperation which relate to their work, I am voting in favour of this proposal.
In order that the European Parliament can clearly assess all the elements necessary for reaching an opinion on whether these two countries are ready to join the Schengen area, it is essential to have full access to the expert assessment reports on progress in the preparations of these two countries.
In order to accomplish these tasks, objective, transparent and simplified criteria need to be established, which guarantee equal support for farmers in all Member States under the direct payments system.
In order to achieve that, however, we should not just talk about funding and various related matters, but, as the European Union, we should certainly invest more in education, science, research and innovation.
In order to achieve the Europe 2020 goals, it proposes that the rest of the programme should focus on the Union's most pressing challenges within the sectors identified in the 'Cooperation' chapter of the Seventh Framework Programme: health, food and biotechnology, information and communication technology, nanoscience and nanotechnologies, energy, the SET Plan and the use of biogas, environment, sustainable transport, social sciences, economics and humanities, and space and security. I voted in favour of this report because it not only makes an assessment of the situation but also sets ambitious targets for the Union which live up to the expectations of European citizens.
In order to achieve the objectives of cohesion policy, it is important not only to make the fullest use of available means, but above all to use them effectively, reduce bureaucracy and achieve the correct synergy between funds.
In order to achieve the objectives of the EU 2020 strategy, we need constant and proper vocational education and training both in the European Union and in the Member States.
In order to achieve the proposed results, we must keep the main criteria for allocating funds according to the level of development and the convergence between the EU's regions. I support this report because I think that supplementing the Multiannual Financial Framework after 2013 is a viable solution, which involves making changes to the current structure.
In order to achieve these aims the two conditions must be set out in a clear and immediately understandable form.
In order to achieve these objectives it is imperative for the Social Fund, as part of the Structural Funds, to count on adequate resources and that administrative and procedural burdens are relaxed as much as possible and reduced to a minimum.
In order to achieve this objective, we must work together to develop international law and not simply interpret and implement it unilaterally.
In order to achieve this, the report adopted establishes new rules and creates a 'transparency register' which is common to both the Commission and Parliament.
In order to achieve this, we ask the parties to initiate a constructive dialogue to peacefully resolve the Abyei situation as well as the issues still to be negotiated, such as the distribution of oil revenues, boundary delimitation and debt distribution.
In order to achieve this, we need an EU regulator who has joint powers with the national regulators and who is entitled to disconnect from the grid any power stations which fail to meet these standards.
In order to act effectively, it is necessary to have an understanding of the harm that our forests have suffered lately due to the new global climate situation, principally with regard to storms, increased fire-risk levels, pests and fungal diseases.
In order to address and resolve this problem, Mrs Reding plans to issue a communication by the end of the year which will report on the status of the implementation of the existing directive concerning misleading and comparative advertising and on the current opportunities for revising it and which will provide an evaluation of the situation.
In order to address these concerns, and in accordance with G20 commitments, the EU reacted very quickly by adopting - already in 2009 - a regulation on credit rating agencies.
In order to attain this objective, the parties have committed themselves to taking the necessary measures and applying the best available techniques, individually and in cooperation, on the basis of sovereign equality, territorial integrity, mutual benefit and good faith.
In order to avoid any misinterpretation or misunderstanding, let me read it out in English: 'It is hereby declared that the agreement reached between the Council and the European Parliament in the trialogue of 23 May 2011 concerning the directive of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Directive 1999/62/EC on the charging of heavy goods vehicles for the use of certain infrastructures, Eurovignette, does not prejudge the outcome of interinstitutional negotiations on correlation tables'.
In order to avoid red tape and facilitate companies' access to European funding, simpler and more transparent procedures are absolutely vital.
In order to avoid this initiative existing simply as a concept, it is necessary that the Member States commit to it both in terms of financial support and its implementation, and it is also important that an EU budget is adopted for it.
In order to avoid this new strategy from simply existing as a concept, it is essential that the Member States commit to it both in terms of financial support and its national implementation in their respective countries, and that an EU budget is adopted for it. Member States should see this as a long-term investment, not only in young people's education, but in the future prosperity of their individual countries and of the EU as a whole.
In order to better and more deeply reflect the requirements of the Treaty in national procedures of Member States, we are about to adopt rules improving the quality of national budgetary frameworks.
In order to combat these abuses within the legislative process, we call for a clear methodology, an analysis of alternatives and the option not to take any action, as well as maximum transparency and the close involvement of Parliament.
In order to demonstrate this, I remind you that we ask candidate countries to adapt not only their laws but also their constitutions in order to be admitted as members of the European Union.
In order to do so, the Commission must undertake a thorough and comprehensive impact assessment, so that we can make an informed decision regarding the future funding of the programme.
In order to do this, it is absolutely essential to have arms control and disarmament, including general agreements on the dismantling of nuclear weapons.
In order to do this, it is important to improve the collection of information about forests, increase research, and especially to encourage Member States to exchange knowledge and experience, starting from a cross-border perspective.
In order to eliminate potential obstacles to the proper functioning of the internal market caused by diverging provisions or practices by Member States, and in order to keep pace with the development of electronic commerce and future challenges in the market for textile products, it is necessary to examine the harmonisation and standardisation of other aspects of textile labelling with a view to facilitating the free movement of textile products in the internal market and achieving a uniform and high level of consumer protection throughout the EU.
In order to enable the deployment of these industries, it is equally essential to improve access to funding for professionals in this sector: to introduce microfinancing, develop patronage and public/private partnerships, consider introducing new, innovative funding instruments, and train professionals in the banking sector in the specific characteristics of these industries.
In order to enforce these new rules effectively, however, it is and it will continue to be advisable for both the national parliaments and the European Parliament to be involved in the whole process more closely and at an earlier point in time.
In order to enhance budgetary surveillance, an enforcement system should be composed not only of fines (sanctions) but also incentives, thereby strengthening the role of the European Parliament and the national parliaments alike.
In order to ensure sustainable development and appropriate environmental policies at EU level, it is essential that policy makers are provided with reliable data on the environmental impact of economic activities. I support this resolution as it lays out a number of effective measures for the collection of more comprehensive data.
In order to ensure that this Eurovignette is not just a tax but actually helps improve transport in Europe, the Member States are also encouraged to reinvest the revenues they collect in the modernisation of transport modes.
In order to ensure the continuity of fishing, and avoid falls in supply and increased unemployment in the sector, the EU must raise the ceiling established by the De Minimis Regulation to closer to EUR 60 000, as well as adopting other measures capable of alleviating the recent oil price increase.
In order to fully realise this agreement, common rules were established - regarding, inter alia, checks along the entire external border, common visa policy, police and judicial cooperation - and the Schengen Information System (SIS) was created.
In order to get to grips with this crisis and the lessons that we must learn from it, we need a supervisory framework, and we have had one since 1 January, thanks to you in particular.
In order to give a timely follow-up to this, I organised a pledging conference a month ago. I am pleased to say that over 300 places were made available from Member States and associated countries.
In order to implement the principle of territorial cohesion properly and in order to increase the European added value of the funding allocated under the 'convergence' and 'competitiveness and employment' objectives, we believe that greater harmonisation between the 'territorial cooperation' objective and the mainstream is necessary.
In order to improve debt recovery within the European Union and thereby protect consumers more effectively and encourage trade between Member States, the Commission must propose new legislation on the freezing and transparency of debtors' assets.
In order to increase the long-term viability of this assistance, the Commission must actively help to ensure targeted uptake, above all through measures to foster economic and financial integration with the EU, so that it would contribute to the swift conclusion of a Deep and Comprehensive Free Trade Agreement between the EU and Georgia.
In order to increase this potential, therefore, we are proposing concrete solutions such as a pan-European licensing system and the improvement of access to credit and microfinancing.
In order to maintain European competitiveness, a change of approach is needed, the key drivers of which are enhancing innovation potential and encouraging more people in Europe to become entrepreneurs.
In order to make such an involvement effective and efficient, it is essential to allow a more appropriate use of the available tools.
In order to make that effort, they must not fall victim to factors outside their work over which they have absolutely no control.
In order to meet citizens' needs, Parliament has proposed to create, in the context of the Structural Funds, a new category of regions where GDP per capita is between 75% and 90% of the Union's GDP.
In order to monitor this, and so that we have this transparency, I would argue that information relating to the adoption and implementation of projects should be made available in real time by the most detailed classifications of territorial and statistical units possible, so that the entire public is able to access it.
In order to overcome the current financial and economic crisis, a perfectly functioning public procurement market is of crucial importance to revitalising the economy and ensuring equitable treatment. I hereby state that I voted for this resolution as I believe that it is in line with the principle of better law making, and prioritises the modernisation of the rules on public procurement and concessions, which constitutes a significant improvement in EU law.
In order to preserve the truth and fairness of such ratings, there is a need to increase the transparency underlying these decisions, as well as the accountability of these agencies. I therefore support and welcome the establishment of priorities for the regulation of credit rating agencies proposed today, which I consider essential in order to overcome the problems in this industry.
In order to prevent consumers from inadvertently purchasing products made from animal-derived materials (fur and leather), I supported this report, which provides for mandatory labelling containing the phrase 'non-textile parts of animal origin'. The label will also guard against certain problems that might affect some consumers who suffer from allergies.
In order to prevent this crisis becoming any worse, therefore, we need to take action regarding the fisheries sector's problems; swift and far-reaching action.
In order to prevent this situation from repeating itself, Parliament proposes that corporate governance must, particularly in the financial services sector, take account of the interests of other stakeholders - depositors, savers, life insurance policy holders, etc.
In order to produce a modern budget for the future, the Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality has highlighted some important issues for future work on the budget.
In order to provide the prospect of a better life and future, a public network of crèches and nursery schools needs to be created, covering a wider geographic area and more open to models of teaching that encourage the development of the child and of society, and that combat social segregation and discrimination.
In order to recognise this, it would be a strong symbolic gesture to name Sarajevo European Capital of Culture 2014, to reaffirm Europe's message of peace and stability.
In order to reduce EU citizens' dissatisfaction with current expenditure, it is necessary to improve the quality of the implementation and application of expenditure.
In order to respond to the challenges ahead, we support the objectives of the Europe 2020 strategy, a strategy that should help Europe recover from the crisis and come out stronger, through job creation and smart, sustainable and inclusive growth.
In order to resume economic growth, we need an alternative model to the one proposed in the package, which is based on strategic investments and creating new jobs.
In order to safeguard their interests, the Commission should consult with individual Member States and the officials and representatives of the various national assessment bodies, in order to ensure that specific individual needs are not subordinate to Community interests.
In order to set these leverage mechanisms in motion, which, from now until 2020, will take the form of research, energy efficiency and internationalisation targets, particularly in small and medium-sized enterprises, there needs to be a strong political desire to activate incentives and orientation mechanisms.
In order to stimulate the economies of the countries in the Western Balkans, they have been given privileged access to the European market.
In order to support the further development of the EGNOS system and to ensure that the system does not suffer from a lack of European funding, I voted in favour of this proposal.
In order to support the impact assessment, which will demonstrate the justification for this initiative, the Commission will propose tightening up EU legislation, in particular so as to improve inspections and enforcement of the Waste Shipments Regulation.
In order to tackle this situation, the Commission needs to adopt emergency measures to help fishers.
In other respects, Mr Pieper's report contains a great deal of light and shade.
In other words, Commission, this is not 'burden sharing'; it is a blatant form of 'burden dumping'. You, the Commission, have allowed this debate to happen and you must stop it, right here, right now.
In other words, an organisation concerned with promoting nuclear technology bans the WHO from accessing information about the impact of this technology on human health.
In other words, any managed pistes and areas where snow making machines are used, in my opinion, belong to the developed area of the mountain and, therefore, have to fall within the threshold.
In other words, by integrating an ambitious investment strategy into the system, by forging a link with the 2020 objectives, or to put it another way, by making joint arrangements, for example, to improve our education system, fight poverty and become more competitive and take on the competition from third countries through investment in research and development.
In other words, culture is seen as a sort of vanguard for advancing and communicating the interests of the European Union and the Member States in the world (point 22), and look where this vision is headed: for promoting international trade (point 23). How often is this not synonymous with policies and practices that cancel out or disrespect each country's identity and cultures?
In other words, culture is seen as a sort of vanguard for advancing and communicating the interests of the European Union and the Member States, and promoting international trade.
In other words, every child - migrant or not - must have mastered the national language by the time they enter school to a degree that enables them to follow the teaching taking place there.
In other words, in some peripheral regions of Europe, there is talent, there is history, and there are cities that could play a major role in relaunching the European economy, but they cannot get there without aid, whether at Union level or at Member State level.
In other words, it requires closer and more timely involvement of the interested parties, as well as of national parliaments and the European Parliament.
In other words, the European Union, including Sweden and Finland, which together account for 33% of Europe's forest, and also the Mediterranean countries, have every interest in stepping up their strategy to combat threats to the forest, such as atmospheric pollution and forest fires.
In other words, the people should not interfere in the machinations of a process of which they are the victims. I will never allow the Commission to attack France. I am voting against this report.
In other words, we are being faithful to the Treaty when we demand this.
In other words, we have a trade agreement which refers to specific measures for trading oil mined from tar sands and we have an impact study for this agreement which does not include an assessment of the impact of this specific activity.
In other words, we have to understand that at the moment, a broad consensus in Hungary has highlighted the needs of a people, and in order to avoid those needs turning into nationalism, it must be supported by a strong Europe that recognises everyone's rights and duties.
In other words, we need to view from the opposite side, too.
In other words, when calculating whether the threshold area is reached, one must include areas in which no building works are actually taking place, but which are indisputably part of the project and part of the impact of the project.
In other words, with these problems of a railway alternative, the truth is that the agreement on the Eurovignette is now imposing even greater burdens on the transportation of products by road, which, in the peripheral countries, particularly in the south and in the east, are products of little or limited added value.
In our Neighbourhood Policy, we are always lagging behind events.
In our current policy on EU expansion, we are trying to emphasise the settling of neighbourly relations between the future states on the basis of our European values.
In our energy-scarce, post-peak oil world, the alternative to reactors is mass starvation.
In our legal opinion, it now complies in every respect with the requirements of the European EIA Directive.
In our opinion, the proposals contained in the parliamentary resolution are intended to maintain the existing state of affairs and may harm the competitiveness of both Polish and European agriculture.
In our report, we have paid attention to the technological aspects, the provision of financial and human resources and independent, strong and competent regulatory bodies.
In our resolution of 5 May 2010 on the EU Action Plan for Animal Welfare, this House underlined the link between animal welfare, animal health and public health, and urged the Commission and the Member States to address the difficult problem of antibiotic resistance in animals in a responsible manner.
In our resolution, we condemn the human rights violations and abuses by the Malagasy security forces against their own population, and call for the dissolution of political militia, for full respect for human rights, as well as civil, political, social and economic rights, and for the restoration of the rule of law.
In our view, Dominique Strauss-Kahn stepping down presents a major opportunity to make fundamental changes at this point to the nomination and selection process and to make it an open, transparent and, above all, merit- and qualification-based selection process, as some NGOs have been calling for recently.
In our view, environmental economic accounts should contribute to policy evaluation, particularly by making available data concerning the environmental impact of economic activities.
In our view, the economic governance package - at least in its present form - is the wrong answer to the crisis with which we are dealing.
In our view, the removal of the delegated legal acts from the Ferreira report is entirely unacceptable.
In our view, your approach and that of the right-wing majority in the Council pose the biggest threat to the very future of the European idea because they are destroying the notion of belonging to a community, the notions of solidarity and cohesion.
In parallel with putting the asylum system in place for the whole of Europe, which would also lead to greater burden-sharing - because if all Member States have a system that works, all Member States could receive asylum seekers - the solution for Greece is to continue with the reform plans that are being implemented under the action plan in Greece.
In particular in those fields where it has exclusive or shared competences, it considers essential, with regard to the EU's aspiration and need to be an effective global actor and to safeguard its position, a strengthening of the internal coordination necessary to speak with one voice, the ability to shape multilateral cooperation and lead collective action in addressing international challenges, namely those arising from the responsibility to protect, and the need to enhance human security, as a means of achieving global security.
In particular, I agree with Mr Stavrakakis's suggestions and proposals aimed at making more effective use of EU funds. I hope that the European Commission will take Parliament's request on board, particularly in view of the new financial perspective for 2014-2020.
In particular, I agree with the aspiration to improve the transparency, integrity, responsibility, independence and reliability of these agencies.
In particular, I believe that vocational education and lifelong learning should thus be more in tune with the needs of the labour market.
In particular, I voted in favour of the Ferreira report because I believe that the emphasis on the role of the scoreboard, as an instrument for identifying possible imbalances by means of specific criteria, is an excellent basis on which to analyse the problem.
In particular, I voted in favour of the Ford report because I believe that harmonising national systems through the development of minimum requirements and, above all, forecasting plans for public accounting systems is a basic rule if we want to prevent economic crises in future.
In particular, I voted in favour of the Goulard report because I believe it is important to lay down criteria but also, and above all, to establish mechanisms for monitoring those criteria.
In particular, I voted in favour of the Wortmann-Kool report because I believe that the European Union needs a solid foundation on which to prevent crises similar to the one we have just been through in the future.
In particular, I would like to draw attention to the need for simplification of the procedure of applying for funds, at both national and regional level.
In particular, I would like to stress the necessity of conducting a review of existing programmes with a cultural component and of drafting a Green Paper and a communication from the Commission outlining concrete policies for the role of culture in the EU's external actions.
In particular, I would like to thank the shadow rapporteurs on the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety for helping to ensure that the Committee's opinion was of such high quality.
In particular, Japan is the third largest economy in the world in terms of gross domestic product (GDP). As such, it is essential to raise questions of investment and trade in services in all trade discussions with Japan, ensuring that market opening does not compromise either European or Japanese rules on the protection of public services and cultural diversity. I recognise that the multilateral trading system, embodied by the World Trade Organisation, remains by far the most effective framework for achieving open and fair trade worldwide. I would reiterate my firm belief that the European Union and Japan should contribute towards a successful conclusion of the Doha Development Agenda negotiations, and I am concerned that bilateral negotiations may disturb this objective.
In particular, Member States should reform the way they carry out research on security, one of the key areas mentioned in the report, to ensure that it is optimised during times of financial crisis.
In particular, Mr Wessberg's commitment to the private-sector business fabric makes the candidate particularly suited to ensuring the balance between EU law and the specific demands of both the market and the people of Europe. I therefore voted in favour of this proposal for a European Parliament decision.
In particular, Parliament is concerned that the Court of Auditors pointed to serious deficiencies in the administrative and financial rules governing expenses for the organisation of courses and seminars, which represent a large proportion of the College's operational expenses.
In particular, development in the early years of healthy lifestyle behaviours, such as good dietary habits and regular exercise, are key determinants of physical and mental health.
In particular, efforts should be made to find a satisfactory solution to the problem of rules of origin so that products from other North American Free Trade Agreement members do not follow in the wake of Canadian products.
In particular, in order to achieve a better social integration and greater social cohesion, this report urges Member States to create training opportunities specific to groups such as unemployed youth, ethnic minorities, vulnerable women and people with disabilities.
In particular, it emphasises the importance of agriculture as a source of employment in rural areas.
In particular, it focuses on developing more comprehensive indicators that would provide a more reliable knowledge base. I would express my support for the Commission's intention to adopt a clearly defined measuring system that would go beyond GDP, in the sense that it complements GDP in the context of decision making and assessment, using clearly defined and quantifiable indicators.
In particular, it has a duty and a responsibility to stop the misleading commercial practices used by 'directory companies'. The production of some sort of blacklist of the misleading practices employed by these companies could be of at least some assistance here.
In particular, it involves bringing European values to third countries, not just in terms of democratisation and greater respect for fundamental rights, but also of promoting active policies to protect the environment, and the rights of women and children, and of labour standards that respect personal dignity and enable personal development.
In particular, it is becoming increasingly difficult to get a start in one's career.
In particular, it maintains that development funds for migration should not be used for strengthening border management and combating illegal immigration.
In particular, it needs to focus on the European element and ensure that it is factored in by incorporating environmental issues into the first pillar.
In particular, it will be important to simplify and accelerate the allocation procedures, especially in favour of SMEs, and to encourage funding through multi-funds and cross-funding. I therefore voted for this report, as I did for the other three, to reiterate my commitment to this fundamental policy, whilst at the same time calling for certain changes that have become necessary for dealing with new challenges.
In particular, social innovation aims to find new and effective solutions for pressing social needs.
In particular, the Court identified severe shortcomings in the enforcement of the financial rules on public procurement and of the rules governing expenditure on the organisation of courses.
In particular, the European Parliament is calling on the Sudanese and South Sudanese to propose specific plans taking account of sensitive subjects, namely citizenship, the sharing of debt and of oil revenues.
In particular, the agreement must respect the social and environmental models of both parties - of the EU Member States and of Canada - and their capacity to continue to legislate in what are sensitive areas for our societies.
In particular, the consultation of all Commission departments allows for consideration of gender equality aspects of all legislative proposals and other initiatives, including in relation to climate change.
In particular, the domain of intellectual property rights requires clear and fair treatment because it is unacceptable, from a human rights perspective, to threaten the fundamental rights of the poorest inhabitants of developing countries, including the right of access to generic medicines and health care.
In particular, the economic advantages, as well as those in employment and innovation, are highlighted by the report on cultural and creative industries, which already account for almost 3% of Europe's gross product and employ 5 million people - a figure which rises to 7% if ancillary industries are taken into account.
In particular, the experience of these years clearly demonstrates that funding of economic actions such as innovation, research and the environment from the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF) can be more effective if closely coordinated and integrated with the actions undertaken by the European Social Fund (ESF). Finally, I would like to reiterate the call to the Commission to promote a culture that aims to simplify the administration of EU funds.
In particular, the fact that this satellite navigation system being set up in competition with the Global Positioning System (GPS) of the United States, on which the EU depends, and which is well known to be under military control, with financing from US federal military programmes, is worrying.
In particular, the helplessness of the European Union in the face of all the developments in the area of the southern Mediterranean gives cause for concern.
In particular, the introduction of a financial transaction tax is an issue that we must finally take in hand.
In particular, the problem of interference and the question of cost offsetting for cultural facilities and local authorities in connection with technical retrofitting, with regard to radio microphones for example, have not yet been satisfactorily resolved.
In particular, the question of immigration, which has become a sore point recently between Italy and France, has called the Schengen Agreement into question.
In particular, these directives propose to strengthen surveillance mechanisms in a stringent manner in order to prevent any more Greek-style financial crises within the Union.
In particular, these focus on aspects also included in this report, which is where some of the contradictions it contains are to be found: the view of innovation as essentially a business opportunity; the emphasis given to the market, to competition, and to harnessing innovation for business purposes; the advocating of the Internal Market and EU patents.
In particular, this issue of independence concerns the assessment of the appetite suppressant benfluorex, the active ingredient in the product Mediator, which may have suffered from conflicts of interest.
In particular, to establish true democracy, it needs, first of all, to promote civil society, secondly, end state control, particularly over NGOs, thirdly, have a truly independent judiciary, and fourthly, have a free and strong opposition.
In particular, we called on the Commission to collect and analyse data on the use of all animal health products, including antibiotics, with a view to ensuring the effective use of such products. A year later, the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, which I have the honour to chair, is here to ask the Commission to implement all relevant initiatives to resolve this long-standing problem, which can also have consequences for human health.
In particular, we support the continuation of discussion and the coordination of efforts within the G20.
In particular, what actions are likely to be taken based on the results of the public consultation, and, secondly, can the Commission indicate which specific pilot projects have been selected at this point?
In practical terms, much better coordination of the programmes is required, concentrating on their complementarities.
In practical terms, the conclusions show that, while attention has been focused on improving long-term competitiveness, the objectives of improving the environment, enhancing quality of life and promoting coordination and communication have not been implemented strongly enough.
In practice, however, this is difficult, given the multiple variables and interests involved.
In practice, this regulation lays down the rules regulating the content, presentation, examination and monitoring of stability programmes and convergence programmes, as part of the multilateral surveillance that the Commission and Council want to carry out at an early stage; the argument being to prevent budget deficits and excessive debt occurring, and to promote the surveillance and coordination of economic policy.
In practice, we have found that the regulatory environment has led to the use of ratings being absolutely essential, by banks, insurance companies, pension funds etc. which invest their money.
In preparing their next commitments, Member States will ensure a broader scope, a more concrete approach and a higher degree of ambition.
In principle, small and medium-sized companies are also responsible for innovations, for example, in product development and in administration, services and marketing, covering a number of different layers.
In reaching my position, I see the adoption of its five-year multiannual plan as positive, although - as the Court of Auditors says - it should improve budgetary planning and management.
In reality, all the Commission need do is propose blacklisting these prohibited deceptive advertising practices under the relevant directive.
In reality, behind the environmentalist spirit of Eurovignette and the 'polluter pays' principle lies a major competitive disadvantage for some countries compared with others, with serious repercussions not only on their section of the haulage industry, which is, to a great extent, made up of small and medium-sized enterprises, but also on their national systems.
In reality, own resources mean a new European tax, which I do not want.
In reality, the common market requires rules that are more precise and transparent, such as the clause on the requirement for information on the mechanisms of online transactions.
In reality, this also means that the cooperation between European police forces must be strengthened, because we must have the ability to see these large-scale cross-border patterns, as this is not a question of small acts of fraud, but of large organised circles of fraudulent activity involving extremely large sums of money, running into millions of euro.
In recent decades, numerous aid programmes have been carried out in developing countries by a variety of public and private organisations.
In recent times, this has been oriented rather towards a military solution to any sort of dispute, as they neglect peaceful solutions in favour of intervention. I think there is reason to believe that today's world is heading towards multi-polarity, and it is a peaceful foreign policy that is in accordance with international law and the UN Charter.
In recent weeks there have been discussions concerning more than 25 000 refugees from Tunisia who have arrived in the Italian territory of Lampedusa.
In recent weeks, we have held intensive discussions on this subject in the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development and we have considered it in detail.
In recent years it has become all the more important to limit regulatory and administrative obstacles to cohesion so as to enhance the ability of different regions to address shared problems together. I am in favour of the conclusions that have been reached by the rapporteur and have decided to vote in favour of this dossier.
In recent years, business practices similar to that just described have become widespread throughout Europe.
In recent years, it is, in fact, young people who have felt the effects of the crisis most acutely.
In recent years, there has, unfortunately, been a growing trend towards unfair business practices and misleading advertising.
In relation to Schengen suspension, the Commission is proposing an EU mechanism instead of Member State decision, but this has been widely (mis)interpreted to mean that the reintroduction of internal borders will actually be easier in practice.
In relation to cohesion policy, I am pleased to see that the committee has adopted my suggestion that structural funds earmarked for transport should have a greater focus on the general EU orientation of transport policy.
In relation to my report, Baroness Ashton, I would particularly like you to take note of paragraph 6, which calls for the drafting of a White Paper with a strategic focus on the European Union's role in international organisations through to 2020.
In relation to the above, I think the Sanchez-Schmid report on a challenge for territorial cooperation - the future agenda for cross-border, transnational and interregional cooperation is an important contribution to work on regional policy, and I voted in favour of its adoption.
In relation to the corrective part of the Stability and Growth Pact, for example, this economic governance package has brought us a more intelligent application of the pact, through the attention it devotes to the debt criterion; the introduction of an average rate for debt reduction, to be carried out over three years, allowing for flexibility in fulfilling the rules; a more detailed and appropriate list of relevant factors that the Commission should take into account in its assessment of the financial situation of the countries involved; and the introduction of a three-year transition period for implementation of the debt criterion.
In relation to the debate on the EHEC outbreak in the EU Member States, I would like to call attention to the fact that as a result of decisions made by EU and non-EU countries, borders have been closed in order to protect the market from an influx of vegetables from countries which harbour the supposed source of the infection.
In relation to the question of the future financial perspective and its organisation, the kind of Europe that we want is becoming evident.
In relation to this, it is a policy which requires action to be taken which is provided for in the Treaties, but which also requires this action to take new forms.
In relation to your particular concerns, EU Member States have now reached an understanding on the usage of the so-called 'negative list' approach. A key reason why a trading partner like Canada prefers a negative list is that it provides much greater transparency and legal security, because it makes very clear which services are excluded from market opening, including also where monopolies and exclusive rights may exist in the public sector.
In reply to the first question, access in areas of Libya where military operations are taking place is limited but we still - thanks to the courage of humanitarian workers - have been able to reach two affected populations in Misrata as well as in the contested cities in the coastal area.
In reply to the first question, in 2009, the Commission asked the European Medicines Agency (EMA) to take a lead in collecting comparable data on the use of antimicrobials in animals.
In response to rumours about a cut in funding under the second pillar of the common agricultural policy, I repeat that I am in favour of guaranteeing adequate financial resources for rural development, also.
In response to the Green Paper on improving the governance of financial institutions published by the Commission, the European Parliament's report devotes significant attention to the need to regulate more strictly the procedures for appointing managers, to laying down the competences of board members and aptitude test criteria, and to ways of guaranteeing their independence.
In response to this situation, we can think about coordinating their work better.
In response, the OSCE stated that the conduct of these elections overall was not sufficient to constitute meaningful progress in the democratic development of that country.
In several countries, and especially in Greece, our fellow citizens are confused, anxious and deeply concerned about their and their children's future. I would like to take this opportunity to send out three messages to our Greek friends.
In short, its aim is to draw conclusions from the global financial crisis triggered by the bankruptcy of the Lehman Brothers bank in autumn 2008, related to the inappropriate securitisation of US subprime mortgages.
In short, the European budget should be used where it makes a difference, as it has the nature of an investment and has no deficit.
In six or nine months, we will have significantly more data, facts and findings at our disposal than have been made public over the last twenty years.
In so doing, they also accepted conflicts of interests, in that they supported the issuers with advice and help in designing these products.
In some Member States, it is currently possible to buy one gigabyte for less than EUR 1. I have just looked at my mobile phone to see how much it costs me. At home, one gigabyte costs me EUR 1. When I am here, one gigabyte costs me EUR 9 900, and when I travel to another Member State, it can cost EUR 14 900.
In some cases it was not legally feasible to do so, and we identified where that was the case very quickly.
In some cases, Member States have to bear costs in excess of EUR 1 million.
In some countries the term lobbyist has a negative meaning, while in others lobbying is seen as an almost an act of public service because it informs decision-makers on issues they might not otherwise know about.
In some countries, it is even touching 21%. That is double the average unemployment rate for adults. I voted in favour of this report because it provides guidelines on how to improve young people's education and reduce the youth unemployment rate. I agree with the report's provision that it is very important to focus on the creation of new programmes that would allow young people to combine work with studies.
In some countries, much domestic work takes place in the informal economy, under precarious employment conditions and/or as undeclared work.
In some countries, the landscape is not really suitable for the storage of radioactive waste, so I would argue that we should be given a realistic option for dealing with waste in another safe alternative above the ground.
In specific terms, this is where we need to work to strengthen the opportunities for young people and, in so doing, invest in our young people.
In speeches such as these, delivered on behalf of the individual committees, it is my belief that the speaker must make an effort to represent the committee on behalf of which he or she is speaking.
In spite of current regulations, such as the Brussels I Regulation, the European Enforcement Order, the European small claims procedure and the order for payment procedure, it is not always not possible - and certainly not fast - to achieve effective enforcement of a legal judgment in the Single Market This report, containing a set of recommendations to the European Commission relating to the proposals tabled on the freezing and disclosure of debtors' assets in cross-border cases earns my full support, and I hope that in June, we will have a specific proposal with the measures to be adopted in this respect.
In spite of the advantages to be gained from signing the agreement, we should, however, bear in mind issues where both parties to the agreement present opposing views.
In spite of the relatively numerous operations, there is still an evident divorce between the instruments we are equipping us with - see the battle-groups, for instance - and the improvised collection of national means we actually employ, when the EU is required to intervene.
In spite of the restrictions and bans which have been introduced, much illegal fishing goes on, or even fishing that can be considered pillaging.
In spite of the severe effects that the economic crisis is having on the European labour market, it can be assumed that employment growth in Europe will recover, at least gradually, over the next 10 years.
In spite of the severe effects that the economic crisis is having on the European labour market, it can be assumed that employment growth in Europe will recover, at least gradually, over the next ten years.
In spite of this, there has been no progress on the Romanian side.
In sporting terms, I am interested in what will appear on this subject in the election manifesto of the French socialist party. I am very interested in who the candidate will be and what the manifesto will look like.
In such a situation, we should not be surprised that they fail to understand why the European Parliament is asking for more resources.
In summary, it is of vital importance that we concern ourselves with cultural and creative industries, which is why we must create as soon as possible - for artists and creative minds alike - adequate conditions that take into consideration unique characteristics, in the areas of mobility, intellectual property rights and social protection.
In terms of climate change, women comprise the most vulnerable group, as they form the majority of the poorest populations.
In terms of culture, the EU can assist Member States in getting the best out of their policy priorities through exchanges of best practice and highlighting areas of importance, such as early years learning, the reduction of early school leaving and the promotion of vocational training.
In terms of exposure of central banks, there are other central banks in Europe and outside Europe which are in a much more difficult and vulnerable situation than the European Central Bank, which is a credible, internationally much respected body of the European Union.
In terms of horizontal agreements, it is also important to align existing bilateral agreements with EU law, so as to ensure greater legal certainty, increase transparency and provide additional benefits in terms of simplification, while ensuring that all Union airlines will enjoy the same rights.
In terms of its content, the report is divided into four sections.
In terms of synergies between the Structural Funds, the European Parliament has insisted on the need to avoid a high concentration of capacity in economic clusters and top European Union regions. I think that an integrated approach is needed between the different sectoral policies in order to achieve the optimum result for economic development and growth, the reduction of development disparities between regions, job creation, improvement in quality of life, worker training for new jobs, social and territorial cohesion and the implementation of the European social model, which is a factor contributing to cohesion and the European economy's competitiveness.
In terms of the EU 2020 strategy, creating a network of knowledge and opportunities, not just for young people but also for teachers and for all those who work in education and training, means supplying oxygen to those energies that we must unleash, using the mobility of our young people, who must learn to live in the Europe of the future.
In terms of the efforts to combat illegal trafficking, every state-of-the-art method is used to investigate and collect information. A unique application has been developed in Europe which allows data to be processed in both SIS I and SIS II. The maritime border surveillance system has been presented as a model of good practice.
In terms of the principal recommendations for the review, I would like to highlight the importance of simplifying access to funds, and adapting thematic priorities and the suitability of rules to new challenges.
In terms of this financial instrument, it is possible to render financial aid to ACP countries (African, Caribbean and Pacific Group of States) in restructuring the manufacturing of sugar, and financial support for five programmes is envisioned: food security; environment and sustainable development of natural resources, including energy; migration and asylum granting; investment in human resources; the role of local authorities and non-governmental organisations in development processes. I voted in favour.
In that case, culture will be left behind, and I do not think that culture in Europe will have the best opportunities if it is closed into the old technologies.
In that connection, due account has to be taken of a host of specific national and regional characteristics.
In that connection, the Commission notes, in particular, that in the financial services sector, corporate governance must take account of the interests of other stakeholders (depositors, savers, life insurance policy holders, etc.) and of the stability of the financial system, owing to the systemic nature of many of the players involved
In that country, as in many others in Africa, the European Union is demonstrating its political impotence, and we are not going to change things by calling for harsher economic sanctions to be imposed on that country.
In that event, what we would be discussing now is not whether we want the number one position or the number three position, but whether we want to avoid the last position.
In that respect, I welcome the fact that for the first time there is a broad consensus in Parliament for the inclusion of a sectoral approach.
In that respect, it is important that we are keen to strengthen these democracies and independence for South Sudan.
In that respect, the conclusion of the strategic partnership agreement between the European Union and Russia is of great importance for our common future.
In that respect, we have one more lesson to learn. I think that this Parliament is paying too little attention to those special reports. I think that we should make better use of those special reports, that we should not just have to debate them in the Committee on Budgetary Control, but also in the many committees with a specific remit, for example in the Committee on Development Cooperation, if a report is about development cooperation, or in the Committee on the Environment, if a report is about the environment, so that the work which you, your colleagues and all your fellow workers do can be properly appreciated and so that European citizens also can see that we have proper checks on how European taxpayers' money is spent.
In that strategy, cybercrime is clearly identified as one of the priorities for us to work on for the future.
In that way, you create a common agenda, and instruments such as joint programming are also of great importance in this regard.
In the Albertini report that we will be voting on this week, we also call for the national policies to be supportive of the EU positions and of you, and I call on my colleagues here in the European Parliament, those of you who are from government parties in your own countries: tell your foreign ministers and your prime ministers to support the common European policy and not just look into your own domestic interests, including in foreign policy, otherwise we will never get a common European foreign policy for which we need you, Baroness Ashton, to lead, to be ambitious and to be bold in your commitments.
In the Andrew Symeou case, the underlying problems, I say to Gerard Batten, were procedural problems: the detention periods and court system after the arrest warrant was executed.
In the Commission communication to the European Parliament and the Council entitled 'GDP and beyond - Measuring progress in a changing world' (COM(2009) 433 final), it is acknowledged that 'GDP has also come to be regarded as a proxy indicator for overall societal development and progress in general' but 'does not measure environmental sustainability or social inclusion'. In a world in which people's quality of life is increasingly measured using other, non-economic factors, various international institutions, like the United Nations (UN), the World Bank and the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), are currently studying the definition of new indicators, so as to measure and analyse economic and social progress.
In the Committee on Budgets, we are working on firmly implanting the Europe 2020 flagship in the European Union's strategy through an independent financial framework.
In the Committee on Culture and Education, we did not want this provision to increase costs in this area, but unfortunately, that amendment fell.
In the Committee on International Trade, they have consistently asked the Commission not to pursue the investment chapter until Parliament has given its opinion on what investment policy should look like, but now, in this resolution, they are calling on the Commission to go ahead without waiting for Parliament's opinion.
In the Council of Agriculture Ministers that will be held in Luxembourg at two o'clock this afternoon, the European Commission should propose that a portion of the EUR 2 500 million left over from the common agricultural policy be put to use.
In the Czech Republic, forestry management has become a business, in which the financial profits of the firms involved are all that matters.
In the EU's assessment, granting these trade preferences should only cause limited adverse effects on the Internal Market and should not affect negatively the least developed members of the World Trade Organisation (WTO). Notwithstanding this, it must be expected that the unilateral suspension of duties will lead to infringement proceedings at the WTO.
In the European Parliament's view, Romania and Bulgaria are ready to join the Schengen area.
In the European Parliament, we are calling for specific action - for the European Commission to recognise the creative sector as one of the most productive areas of the Union economy and so to treat its development as an absolute priority.
In the European Union, 23 million small and medium-sized enterprises, which account for around 99% of all businesses and provide more than 100 million jobs, make a fundamental contribution to economic growth, social cohesion and job creation. SMEs face significant problems in expanding their activities and improving their ability to innovate and their access to markets.
In the European Union, employment in this sector is very likely to expand, given population change and higher female participation in the labour market.
In the European Union, we also have countries that are facing the same kind of difficulties because of very high levels of expenditure.
In the Internal Market created by the European Union, it is becoming increasingly necessary to defend the rights of consumers, particular those lacking adequate resources.
In the Netherlands, we would say: you are a white tornado.
In the Special committee on the policy challenges and budgetary resources for a sustainable European Union after 2013, we understand that it can seem strange that, at a time when many Member States are making cuts in their own budgets, we are demanding more money for the EU budget post 2013.
In the Stability and Growth Pact, for which I was rapporteur for the corrective part, it is possible to add the idea of growth to that of stability and budgetary discipline.
In the UK in May 2008, the Misleading Marketing Regulations came into force.
In the UK, the Chambers of Commerce and UK Trade and Investments offer access to secure business directories and networking opportunities through programmes such as the Overseas Market Introduction Service, Passport to Export and even the European Enterprise Network.
In the absence of an autonomous budget, the Agency is de facto integrated into the Commission. I agree with the rapporteur that this situation is at odds with the Agency's Statutes and that it raises the issue of the need to maintain the Agency in its current form and organisation.
In the absence of an autonomous budget, the agency is de facto integrated into the Commission.
In the absence of sufficient guarantees as to the independence of the experts recruited to perform scientific assessments on medicines for human use, we have voted to postpone granting the Executive Director of the European Medicines Agency discharge in respect of the implementation of the Agency's budget for the financial year 2009.
In the age of a Europe without borders, education is a fundamental step in planning the professional lives of citizens, particularly at international level.
In the agreement governing the formation of this future government, which will take place in a month perhaps, there was acceptance of the concept of elections, of the Palestinian Authority, of the fact that Mahmoud Abbas could take part in negotiations, and of the concept of the 1967 borders, which are both an essential requirement and an implicit recognition of Israel.
In the ambit of the better law making approach, the Commission proposes to repeal a 1998 Council Regulation under which importers have to provide proof of origin of textiles and articles of apparel for EU customs procedures.
In the annual growth survey, the Commission was defending and proposing collectively more intervention of this kind in the markets; that was unfortunately not agreed to by the Member States.
In the area of civil aviation, the development of the system and the use of the EGNOS application for landing manoeuvres should be supported.
In the area of domestic work, I believe that the ILO offers us an excellent opportunity for shedding light on the operation of some of our labour markets, since domestic work is too often precarious work, undervalued and undeclared. I will tell you quite simply. I understand that some of you have expressed concern about the recognition or regularisation of illegal migrants, but I am also concerned with the battle we have to fight in each Member State against undeclared work.
In the area of energy policy, we need Russia to be obliged to acknowledge the principles of a transparent and fair energy policy.
In the autumn we will be presenting to you our thoughts on the revision of the emissions trading system (ETS). We will be submitting a report, as we promised today in the proposal on energy efficiency, about whether the increase in efficiency will lead to a significant change in the market for CO2.
In the canton of Geneva, for example, there is a model contract which is automatically entered into by all employers and employees: it deals, inter alia, with issues such as the minimum wage, family allowances and holidays. I believe that contracts of a similar type operate in Belgium.
In the case of Belarus, it is not possible to fulfil this aim in its entirety due to the measures adopted.
In the case of EU-Russia relations, I welcome the achievements already made in respect of not just a common economic and cooperative space, but also of shared values. I consider the motion for a resolution on the EU-Russia Summit tabled by the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) the most suitable, given the current situation that has been presented.
In the case of Poland, this relates mainly to the enormous potential represented firstly by the wholesale improvement of new and old buildings in terms of thermal efficiency, and secondly by the widespread replacement of old thermal power plants in residential buildings with modern thermal electric power plants.
In the case of animals that are dosed preventively, it is added to their food, and it thus also weakens man and his ability to combat the infections he gets, despite being in hospital, through hospital strains.
In the case of autonomous trade preferences for Pakistan, it is important to introduce a safeguard clause in case of interruptions to trade resulting from the abolition of tariffs.
In the case of banking, electronic communication and tourist services, the contract's terms are very often written in tiny letters and customers very frequently agree without familiarising themselves with these terms.
In the case of immigration policy, the overall vision starts with the analysis of a European population which is aging, although this is happening rather unevenly among the States of the Union. A serious imbalance is being created between birth rates and death rates and our growth is also linked to the distribution of the workforce to ensure that the market has the necessary resources to continuously produce everything that is needed.
In the case of the European Arrest Warrant (EAW), we now know that this has problems and has caused doubts.
In the case of the European Food Safety Authority, or EFSA, it should be noted that we need to achieve more precise monitoring and greater transparency.
In the case of the road network, payments for using the infrastructure have so far been rather symbolic.
In the committee, all the groups pursued the unanimous objective of making education and training possible for every young person in Europe and supporting their entry into a career, while no young person should fall by the wayside.
In the communication on migration, the Commission addresses the issues of external border controls, Schengen governance and organised mobility.
In the communication, the Commission suggests various new initiatives in several priority areas for further action to be taken.
In the context of General Motors Belgium I believe that the conclusions that have been reached by the rapporteur are justified and have hence decided to vote in favour of this dossier.
In the context of a changing global economic situation and at a time when Europe is slowly attempting to extricate itself from the economic crisis, it is becoming clear that the programme was put in place to solve legitimate and significant problems.
In the context of granting citizenship on a purely ethnic basis, regardless of residence, employment or family ties, it opens a Pandora's Box of extreme nationalism such as we have not seen since the end of the Second World War.
In the context of negotiations for the future programming period, I believe that a strong and well-financed EU regional policy is an essential condition for achieving social, economic and territorial cohesion in the EU. Therefore, funds intended for cohesion policy in the next programming period should not be subject to any reduction.
In the context of the current crisis that the European Union is going through, the recently introduced cohesion policy is one of the effective ways to kick-start the EU's economy.
In the context of the current economic crisis, the EU needs a global strategy based on innovation and creativity, which will contribute to economic growth and job creation.
In the context of the debate on the next Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF) post-2013, it is particularly important to redefine and reinforce the positions Parliament has adopted on a new financing instrument for EU development cooperation (DCI), given the lessons learned from implementing the DCI during the period 2007-2013.
In the context of the free movement of European citizens within the European Union, I think Bulgaria and Romania joining the Schengen acquis is an excellent step forward and I therefore voted in favour of the relevant provisions being implemented. I also believe that even though both countries have worked hard for the free movement of their citizens within Europe, they should, in any case, continue to bring their controls and rules into line with European standards, given the sensitive nature of the eastern European borders in the Balkans.
In the context of the latter event, it is very important to emphasise the definition of the word 'diversification', which in Europe is often synonymous with the construction of a large number of different gas pipelines from Russia.
In the context of the upcoming negotiations, we should ensure an adequate regulatory framework that will identify success factors for effective growth stimulation through cohesion policy.
In the course of our debate, we focused on certain parts of the world, but in the course of further speeches, honourable Members have raised a whole range of different issues which we still must continue to deal with.
In the course of this process, lawyers came to the opinion that a few mistakes may have been made. I would like to emphasise once again that we are talking about just the last couple of percent here.
In the current context of the European Internal Market, it is increasingly important to defend the rights of consumers, in particular those who are less well-off.
In the current economic context, there is a pressing need to conduct a wide-ranging political debate about the desired level of ambition, which will determine the level of service provided, and on the resources available, during which it will be necessary to make a political choice between a model whereby it is exclusively funded by the EU and one whereby national or private contributions may be permitted.
In the current period we are starting to invest money from the Structural Fund in research infrastructure all over Europe, where the nature of the projects justifies this, and we will be increasing our spending in the next period.
In the current situation, when ageing societies, on the one hand, and an alarmingly high rate of unemployment among young people, on the other, mean that Europe is faced with very serious challenges, vocational education and training have a fundamental role to play.
In the development of the External Action Service it is important to mainstream and streamline the role culture has, and should have, in the EU's external actions.
In the end it is important that we, as parliamentarians, should be able to consider issues freely and make decisions independently. I would now like to state that we parliamentarians have a lot to be proud of. If we conduct a national comparison, we will see that there are only a few Member States of the European Union who have already established a transparency register at this level.
In the end, I wonder who will benefit from the decisions that will be made this week.
In the end, what remains of the allocation of costs amounts to little more than a couple of hot dogs and a beer for a whole leg of the journey. I find that very little.
In the end, what they are trying to do is to make it easier to gain more profit from capital and from greater financial speculation, and always at the expense of the same groups as ever: workers, micro-, small and medium-sized enterprises, farmers and people affected by these investment cuts and austerity policies.
In the era of online purchases and the globalisation of consumption, every trader operating in another Member State must feel encouraged to enter the market in other European countries without having the heavy burden of adapting to their national regulations. I hope that our work will be able to respond to the great challenge of protecting consumers and to our businesses' need for growth, in order to strengthen a strong and competitive market.
In the era of the globalised economy, the European Union's common commercial policy seems quite natural to us.
In the event of a disagreement between the Commission's auditors and the bodies being audited, I propose that the option of conducting independent counter audits be permitted, and that a mediator be allowed to intervene so that we do not have to ask the Court of Justice to settle any disputes that may arise between the audited bodies and the Commission.
In the event of a health crisis, this would make it possible to identify the sources of contamination and to warn the consumers concerned more quickly.
In the event of a huge influx of immigrants at the border, specialist immigration and asylum mechanisms have been implemented in partnership with similar institutions in other Member States, Germany and the Netherlands.
In the face of a serious economic and social crisis, exacerbated by EU policy, the budgets made possible by these financial perspectives will thus be rendered incapable of ensuring a redistributive function, which is essential to the effective realisation of the principle of cohesion.
In the face of this new reality, political decision makers are charged both with taking preventive action and with responding effectively to new developments.
In the face of unacceptable youth unemployment figures, I believe that the quality of education and training, adequate integration into the labour market, and a strong commitment to youth mobility, are key to exploiting the potential of all young people and to achieving the goals of the Europe 2020 strategy.
In the few days that he was behind bars - because, eventually, the Dutch and the Polish judges came to an arrangement - in those few days, the guard there stole the medications which he takes for his heart condition.
In the final analysis, irrespective of all the transparency achieved, it all comes down to the moral compass of each Member of this House, as this dictates what he thinks is right, whom he meets and whom he decides not to meet, whom he listens to and whom he decides not to listen to. After all, people also contact us using many other different communication channels.
In the first case, in January, Mr Dalli told us, when speaking about dioxins, that you would take all the necessary measures to ensure that legislation on the food control system was tightened up. The other day, you said that this was not a problem of recognisability and that there was some other problem.
In the first place, the motion underlines the need, when carrying out impact assessments, to bear in mind the impact of new regulation on small and medium-sized enterprises and to reduce the regulatory burden on them.
In the framework of the reform of the common fisheries policy, it is necessary more than ever before to restructure the European fishing fleet in order to discontinue the use of ships that use large quantities of fuel and release large amounts of CO2 emissions, and also of fishing gear and practices that clearly destroy the environment, so that we can make headway towards a model that is less energy dependent, less destructive, and more sustainable in environmental terms as well as in social and economic terms.
In the gallery today, we have a group of young people from NEPOMAK, the World Organisation for Young Overseas Cypriots in the UK, who have come to see this declaration announced.
In the global system in which we live, the EU must adapt its policies to the needs of the various sectors and develop a global satellite navigation system that integrates perfectly with the well-known GPS system so as to provide immediate information with no margin for error.
In the good times, their differences only increased; in the bad times, the pillars on which the monetary union was established were left in ruins.
In the interests of both parties, in its recommendation Parliament has pointed out certain aspects of institutional communication that should be improved, namely that the Commission should send Parliament the conclusions of the meetings and proceedings of the Joint Committee provided for in the agreement, the multiannual sectoral programme referred to in the protocol and also the results of the annual evaluations.
In the interests of greater confidence, international inspections of the tests carried out will be undertaken and that is where I have a question. I wonder whether the group of seven people will be so made up as to consist of representatives of the European Commission and of the regulatory bodies, or will it also include independent experts? If so, I would be interested to know on what basis they will be selected.
In the interests of harmonisation of the EU's foreign policy, I am voting to change the current system of bilateral investment treaties between the Member States and third countries. I also share the concern expressed by the rapporteur with regard to ensuring legal certainty during the transition process, meaning there is a need to introduce a deadline for this and to clarify the conditions for withholding authorisation.
In the interests of legal certainty for everyone involved, we need to have the same rights across Europe for those accused of offences and there must be mandatory information on these rights.
In the interests of safety, it is essential for the rules on the operating space, driving position and door and window sizes of agricultural tractors to be codified in a manner that is comprehensible and accessible to citizens. I therefore voted in favour.
In the interests of the credibility of the European Union, we must, at all costs, avoid setting double standards on matters of principle such as this.
In the interests of transparency, the creation of a system for the compulsory declaration of all meetings between registered organisations and the Members responsible for related legislation is equally important, and should be recorded in an annex to the respective reports or recommendations.
In the last 15 months - a period that has presented ample opportunities throughout the world to prove its credentials - our so-called common policy has failed to make any positive impact. I say that not as a great aficionado of foreign affairs, but I have to answer my constituents as to what does Europe add in value to us? It is of real concern to them that the cost of delivering this common policy is not being carefully allocated and not being carefully accounted for.
In the last few days, I have received information from a number of sources which points to torture and inhumane treatment: some medics have been severely beaten and have been denied access to their families and legal advisers.
In the last four weeks the Finance Ministers of the 27 Member States discussed the package three times, and each time they made major concessions to Parliament on various points of the text in order to pave the way for a timely agreement.
In the last section, I then propose that we in Parliament create an autonomous impact assessment structure.
In the last two weeks, Italy has suffered economic damage amounting to EUR 20 million because of unsold vegetables - particularly cucumbers - as a result of the EHEC bacterium.
In the light of positive experiences in Switzerland since the introduction of the performance-based HGV levy in 2001, there are no objections to the new directive.
In the light of the development of new financial instruments in a globalised world, the Green Paper takes a critical look at the soundness of financial institutions and of the financial system as a whole, and at the regulation and supervision of the system, with a view to preventing any repeat of the crisis in the future.
In the light of the ever closer degree of interdependence between economic, social and environmental issues, GDP today suffers from many shortcomings, as it does not record important social factors such as well-being, social inclusion, climate change or resource efficiency.
In the light of the forthcoming elections to the Russian Parliament, it is equally important that the elections be held in accordance with the principles established by the Council of Europe and the OSCE.
In the light of the specific examples you have mentioned here and the cases of abuse uncovered by the Commission, it may be possible to broaden the scope of the directive beyond the relationship between fraudulent companies and citizens in the revision which is due to take place next year.
In the light of these developments, Parliament and the Commission have agreed to establish a common register in order to keep a list of and exercise scrutiny over the organisations and individuals who take part in the drafting and implementation of EU policies.
In the light of these developments, against this constitutional background, and in keeping with their commitment to transparency, Parliament and the Commission have agreed to establish and maintain a joint register in order to keep a list of the names of, and exercise scrutiny over, the organisations and individuals who take part in the drafting and implementation of EU policies.
In the light of these developments, and against this constitutional background, and in keeping with their commitment to transparency, Parliament and the Commission have agreed to establish and maintain a common register in order to keep a list of the names of and exercise scrutiny over the organisations and individuals who take part in the drafting and implementation of EU policies.
In the light of these developments, and against this constitutional background, and in keeping with their commitment to transparency, Parliament and the Commission have agreed to establish and maintain a joint register in order to keep a list of the names of, and exercise scrutiny over, the organisations and individuals who take part in the drafting and implementation of EU policies.
In the light of these developments, and in keeping with their commitment to transparency, Parliament and the Commission have agreed to establish and maintain a common register in order to keep a list of the names of, and exercise scrutiny over, the organisations and individuals who take part in the drafting and implementation of EU policies.
In the light of these thoughts, I would like to thank again everyone who contributed with their work to Parliament making a decision on these seven proposals today.
In the light of this, I voted in favour of Mrs Ţicău's own-initiative report, which calls on the Commission to provide adequate funding for the development of applications based on the European global navigation satellite system, EGNOS and Galileo. SME access to this funding should be particularly encouraged in order to stimulate innovation on the basis of these European systems.
In the light of this, it is difficult to understand why the conservative, liberal and eurosceptic Members of this House have blindly attempted to toughen up the text proposed by the Commission.
In the light of this, we would need an agreement that would also tackle non-tariff barriers, increase market access for investment and open the Japanese public procurement market.
In the long run the same should be valid for the proposal we are to reveal at the end of June for the next financial perspective, adding a lot on top of what I have mentioned relating to the energy and trans-European infrastructure generally that is also conducive to growth and jobs.
In the long run, surface democracy - democracy that floats on the top with people casting their votes freely on election day and choosing their government - will not survive if deep democracy fails to take root.
In the long term, British fishermen want withdrawal from the EU; in the short term, they demand fair treatment under the common fisheries policy.
In the longer term this will probably be more likely to achieve the aim, but in reality it depends on how it is actually organised.
In the meantime, Europe should keep its watchful eye on Hungary and encourage the Hungarian democrats to regain the initiative.
In the meantime, however, I propose to Parliament that we hold a great show of European gastronomy either in Brussels or here in Strasbourg, allowing cucumber to take centre stage.
In the meantime, the Commission also launched initiatives, creating a high-level joint working group in 2008 between Parliament and the Commission.
In the meantime, the Systemic Risk Board and the European Banking Authority (EBA) have been set up, indicating that finally, we were going to give the banking sector a European dimension.
In the meantime, the best and surest way to ensure that we treat fish as a supply that is always going to be there is to recognise the ownership rights of the people who have the water under maritime law.
In the meantime, we have also requested the World Trade Organisation to grant us a waiver of the applicable WTO rules to enable us to implement the proposed measures.
In the meanwhile, I hope, first of all, that this plenary grants sufficient support to enable us to get going and to demonstrate that Europe can also take decisions that are good for our citizens.
In the medium to long term, our aim must be to improve the use of spectrum across the board, by recognising its social, cultural and economic value.
In the name of the crisis, there is a retreat of the state that, here too, threatens its social role and has the result of exacerbating inequalities in access to education, to knowledge and to culture.
In the name of transparency, which the public needs, and rigour, I do not consider the Council exonerated from its responsibility of publishing accounts for the funds available to it.
In the near future, there will be other power stations in other Member States which will need to be halted because they are reaching the end of their operational life.
In the new financial perspective the funds must not be frittered away on sectoral projects.
In the new programming period after 2013, we should therefore continue the funding of cultural projects from the European structural funds, strengthen the twinning programme for cooperation between local authorities and retain the independence of the community programme for projects in this area with the title of 'Culture'.
In the next framework programme, this situation must change so that we will be able to fulfil the aims of the reformed common fisheries policy.
In the next phase, you should add the three Cs: coherence, concreteness and the community method.
In the next programming period, then, it may be worth reverting to multifund programmes, incorporating in them the experience gained from joint programming and encouraging shared and responsible management between the various stakeholders in charge of regional development. I believe that the adopted report makes an effective contribution to these objectives.
In the opinion of Professor Jacek Kochanowicz, a lack of the ability to cooperate is one of the greatest problems for the development of Poland and the European Union - we must change this, too.
In the opinion of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety, which I drafted, I sought to summarise the main points of our view and concerns in this area.
In the opinion of the European Parliament, there is a lack of transparency in the investigation, and the procedural methods adopted are out of proportion.
In the particular cases of Mr Khodorkovsky and Mr Magnitsky, rather than waiting for a ruling from Strasbourg, the judicial arbitrariness should be brought to an end.
In the past few weeks, the Azerbaijani police have broken up several demonstrations in the country and have also arrested representatives of the opposition on trumpedup charges, frequently, the possession of drugs.
In the past, Parliament was merely consulted on such agreements.
In the past, it was generally consumers who were the targets of these scams, but now the fraudulent practices are extending into the business world.
In the past, we in the UK have suffered as a result of such scaremongering around our produce, and this speculative blame game must stop.
In the period immediately after the referendum, while the country will have access to multilateral sources of finance, there is a risk that a funding gap will be created that will make South Sudan highly vulnerable and very much at risk of a state collapse. I believe it is therefore essential that the European Union do everything in its power to help the Sudanese pull through this critical period and prevent an impending humanitarian catastrophe, because this country can begin to work systematically towards achieving its development goals only if confidence prevails in a peaceful future.
In the plenary sitting of 6 April 2011, the President announced, in accordance with Rule 6(2) of the European Parliament's Rules of Procedure, that he had received a letter from the National Anti-Corruption Department (Prosecutor's Office of the High Court of Cassation and Justice of Romania) on 5 April 2011 requesting the waiver of the parliamentary immunity of Adrian Severin.
In the political and scientific discussion that has been going on for years, I believe the problem is more about how this approach can be achieved using clearly defined and quantifiable indicators.
In the political sphere, we saw on Tuesday this Parliament's attitude to freedom of expression when it voted to hand over a Member of this House for a show trial in France for a thought-crime offence, without even being given the opportunity to defend himself.
In the private sector, we must encourage small and medium-sized enterprises, as well as micro-enterprises, which are having particular difficulty adapting to the market, to increase the use of innovative products, on the one hand, and create innovative solutions, on the other.
In the question, Ms Ludford expressed concerns that the negotiations on the new Schengen evaluation and suspension rules might be lengthy and difficult to agree upon and asked the Commission to prioritise launching infringement procedures against Member States in breach of Schengen rules instead.
In the real world, however, not much is happening. I would therefore like us to call on the Commission to evaluate the experience with these instruments and amend their rules to make them competitive in comparison with other instruments on the financial market.
In the report adopted today, the European Parliament advocates a genuine EU-wide strategy in this sector through the creation of new areas for experimentation, innovation and entrepreneurship; of support for mobility; and of promoting access to finance, to new financial instruments, and to greater involvement in regional and local collectives.
In the report of the Policy Challenges Committee and in the Pieper report the European Parliament has sent a strong message to the governments of the Member States and the Council: do not tamper with cohesion policy.
In the report on organised crime, for which I am the rapporteur in the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs, we are proposing a series of considerations and requests concerning the European Arrest Warrant.
In the report, Parliament welcomes the Commission's Green Paper and calls for the EU forestry strategy to be updated, while properly taking into account the application of the subsidiarity and proportionality principles and including the climate-change dimension and broader forest protection issues.
In the resolution that has now been adopted, the European Parliament calls on the European Commission to analyse the problem and work towards a solution, a request that has gained our support.
In the resolution which has been adopted today, we return, too, to a proposal which has already been made in the resolution adopted by Parliament in 2008 on the same matter, namely, the idea of creating a blacklist of dishonest practices employed by businesses which operate business directories. I hope the European Commission will not drag its feet over taking the appropriate steps to protect small and medium-sized businesses from these dishonest practices.
In the resolution which has been adopted, the European Parliament expresses the hope that during the EU-Russia Summit, it will be possible to make advances in the area of visa-free travel and energy security.
In the run up to the next EU-Russia Summit, which will take place on 9-10 June in Nizhny Novgorod, we are sending a clear message to the Member States: we must prioritise guarantees of respect for human rights over more ambitious agreements on trade, visas and cooperation.
In the run-up to the 66th ordinary session of the UN General Assembly, the European Parliament, as usual, addressed its recommendations to the Council, representing the Member States, who are the only fully fledged members of the organisation.
In the same connection, it is natural that the reform and harmonisation of product labelling should be assessed overall, as has now been agreed.
In the same vein, I applaud the resolve shown by the Agency to avoid future recurrences of the shortcomings highlighted by the Court of Auditors in its report.
In the same vein, I should like to note the delay - some two years after the fact - in setting up procedures to determine responsibility for the Viareggio disaster.
In the same way the financial crisis played perfectly into their hands and they leapt at the chance to justify economic governance rather than admit the euro's failure, concerns about the sudden influx of migrants and the stresses it puts on countries is being used to call for the reinforcement of Schengen with increased centralised governance. MEPs are elected by the people, as the voice of the people.
In the same way, I would ask you to please stop using or misusing every crisis as an opportunity to pursue further the supra-nationalistic agenda towards something like fiscal union or tax union, because it leads us nowhere.
In the same way, Russia has conducted provocative military manoeuvres in the proximity of the Baltic States, which expressed their concern over the transaction to which I referred.
In the short term, implementation of a mechanism to compensate the European farmers most affected must be guaranteed, while in the medium term, it will be necessary to reform the early warning system for unsafe food to prevent any more unfounded alarms in the future.
In the short term, or as soon as the new regulation comes into force, consumers will have more information about the presence of non-textile parts of animal origin and will also have access to information on the full composition of textile products.
In the short term, we need better practical and pragmatic policy coordination among the EU Member States that are represented in the G20 or G7 or in the IMF. I must say that I have seen plenty of concrete improvement in that regard, so that the EU Member States that are represented in the G20, or in the IMF or in the G7, mostly share common goals and are mostly working together as an orchestra and not with different voices.
In the situation into which they are plunged as a result of the neoliberal policies advocated by the European Union, one could vote against the beggarly sum that the European elites are granting them.
In the space of a few weeks, migrants from neighbouring Mediterranean countries have come to account for a significant percentage of France's annual immigration.
In the special committee on the policy challenges and budgetary resources for a sustainable European Union after 2013, we rightly talked about priorities, but then we never acted on it. There was no evidence of a willingness to take tough choices, the kind of choices which are being taken by governments all over Europe at this time.
In the summer period, its financial effects on producers are colossal.
In the trade negotiations currently under way, it is the archipelago of St Pierre and Miquelon, next door to Canada, that is particularly affected. I therefore call on the Commission, during the negotiations, to defend and protect the interests of that overseas country and territory situated in the North Atlantic Ocean.
In the various Member States, as was clear during the debate, the majority of these workers are women, and an increasing percentage of them are illegal immigrants.
In the vote on the report on the EU's long-term budget in Strasbourg on 8 June 2011, we Swedish Conservatives in the European Parliament chose to vote against the proposal.
In the wake of the financial crisis and the ongoing need to reduce budget deficits across Europe, Parliament must recognise that the cohesion budget cannot continue to grow, unchecked.
In the wake of the financial crisis, it has become clear that the quality of consumer protection and safeguards in the financial services sector requires tangible and significant improvement, particularly as regards monitoring and supervision.
In the wake of the global financial crisis, it is very important to realise the full potential of the Internal Market, and thus help meet the strategic goals of the Europe 2020 strategy.
In the wake of the severe floods that hit Pakistan in the summer of 2010, the European Union wished to provide aid in the form of exceptional trade preferences.
In the whole system, it is vital for the rules to include the principle of transparency, supervision and control. I also welcome the option of deep geological storage, including the principle of reversibility.
In the words of the rapporteur, 'Environmental economic accounts should contribute to policy evaluation, particularly by making available data concerning the environmental impact of economic activities'. This idea is important, and is indeed the only way of obtaining concrete data about the real impact of environmental policy.
In their draft joint declaration, the European Parliament and the Council emphasise that they attribute particular importance to the traceability of textile products and the use of new technologies.
In these areas, borders, barriers and obstacles are less 'real'. Furthermore, in becoming genuine project zones, these cooperation areas have an essential role to play in consolidating links at local level, between partners from different Member States and between citizens who come together to deal with joint problems.
In this Parliament, there are countries for example with a larger population, who have more Members.
In this area, both governments and the European Union have much to do, principally through education.
In this area, we intend to assign an important role to small and medium-sized enterprises as well.
In this case it is necessary not just to address the allocation of resources and the identification of objectives, but also to help with the definition of the programmes for identifying objectives and to assist with the formation of clusters in individual regions and parts of regions in order to generate sustainable economic growth.
In this case, devising a common EU-level fisheries policy, aimed at protecting the sustainable exploitation of living aquatic resources is an absolutely natural concern.
In this case, however, in addition to access to investments and markets, there is also the central concern of access to, and control of, sources and flows of energy, as well as other raw materials, especially rare earths, of which there is a serious shortage in the EU. Therefore, a call is made for 'close cooperation over the supply of raw materials and rare earths', especially those considered critical.
In this case, it seems that things went wrong.
In this case, the precautionary principle must prevail.
In this case, the responsible authorities in Aragon are going to split the project up in order to prevent the environmental impact assessment from taking place.
In this complicated world in which natural and man-made disasters are occurring all the time and in large numbers, we would be setting a dangerous precedent if we were to turn every humanitarian emergency into a review of trade policy.
In this connection, I want to mention a private project which the Commission is currently implementing at the request of this House, and which seeks to encourage the conversion of precarious work into work associated with rights.
In this connection, the preparations for a G20 Labour and Employment Ministers meeting provide a good example of the increased cohesion emerging at world level.
In this connection, we should also consider whether the proposal that the United States is considering is a sensible one, namely, that where only one credit rating agency is chosen by issuers, a second, independent body could be encouraged to give a rating and this second body could be allowed to work on the basis of the information that is publicly available.
In this context of change, and given the international legal personality of the European Union, it is vital that we urgently redefine the role that the European Union plays on this stage and that it takes its due place in the multilateral order so that it can fill the role of a relevant global player assigned to it by the Treaty and which this institution is requesting of it, along with European society at large, dare I say.
In this context, Europe's cities represent centres of economic activity, innovation and employment, but they must face up to a number of challenges. I welcome the fact that, under this Urban Agenda, the issue regarding the definition of the concept 'urban' is left to the Member States in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity.
In this context, I commend the author of the report for the proposal of a seven-year MFF, in line with the Europe 2020 strategy, subject to mid-term review, advocating, as a minimum: the maintaining of the EU budget, with particular emphasis on the common agricultural policy (CAP) and on cohesion policy; a greater sense of flexibility, which becomes more necessary as the financial constraints become more tangible; and also greater democratic responsibility, so that European funds can genuinely promote development projects that are capable of being sustainable.
In this context, I have also supported the numerous findings and critical opinions of the European Parliament. I am fundamentally opposed to the continued application of the historical approach to the subsidy system, and I support the introduction of additional objective criteria which take account of the conditions for agricultural funding within the expanded Europe of 27 states.
In this context, I have to note that the situation is still evolving.
In this context, I support the proposal of the Committee of the Regions to create a 'virtual network of creativity' which would be open to all (businesses, local and regional bodies, the private sector and citizens) and would provide advice, support and access to venture capital and technical services. I would also like to draw attention to the current lack of improved and proactive interactions between universities and businesses, and I would like to call on the Commission to launch a new Europe-wide programme for professional training and education for senior staff at universities, and officials dealing with technology.
In this context, I supported the resolution adopted today on EU-Russia relations before the summit on 9 and 10 June which will seek to establish a new strategic agreement.
In this context, I think it is important, as the rapporteur suggests, to launch the debate about the structure of this programme and how to make money out of it in future, so as to adopt robust and safe solutions for the future of Europe.
In this context, I think that restoring border controls within the Schengen area is not acceptable, nor is the introduction of additional criteria for Member States which would like to join the Schengen area and fulfil the specific technical criteria.
In this context, I would also like to emphasise how important it is that people are able to exercise their human rights and are able to talk and demonstrate freely.
In this context, I would like particularly to refer to the debate on origin labelling for slaughter cattle which needs to be resolved, as well as tariff-related and technical obstacles, such as protracted approval procedures for EU products.
In this context, I would like to draw the House's attention to the ever-increasing number of people talking about the reintroduction of border checks.
In this context, I would like to say that demand for professional competence in a whole range of areas and activities will grow with the development of modern new technologies and the establishment of higher quality and safety standards, thus creating a requirement for the more goal-oriented training of young people. I am talking, however, about high-quality education built on the concept of modern teaching elements, about education made attractive in a specific way and showing the need for a given field of education, with a view to other options for boosting qualifications.
In this context, however, we must not overlook the various initiatives to pave the way for so-called giga- or megaliners, which are associated with high infrastructure costs.
In this context, it is appropriate for the Commission to monitor market developments relating to this directive and its implementation, particularly with regard to possible barriers to the internal market and further harmonisation needed to overcome these obstacles.
In this context, it is essential not to forget unemployment, which already affects around a quarter of young people, many of whom have been through higher education; not to forget that jobs are increasingly insecure, especially for women and young people; and not to forget the growth of poverty and social exclusion.
In this context, it is important that regions that have already emerged from Objective 1 are able to move to an intermediate stage, reinforcing the development which they have already proven themselves capable of, instead of them being abruptly abandoned, jeopardising the progress that has been achieved in the meantime.
In this context, it is quite difficult to deal with the second major issue for the Council meeting, namely that of migration.
In this context, it would be worth recalling the attacks on the St. Bishoy monastery in March of this year, which were ignored by Parliament and Mrs Ashton, when the Egyptian army fired at a monastery full of refugees from Cairo, and the actions of the Salafist Islamic community which holds extreme views.
In this context, on 23 July 2007 the European Council adopted Regulation (EC) No 894/2007 on the conclusion of a Fisheries Partnership Agreement between the Democratic Republic of São Tomé and Principe and the European Community(1). This agreement, which is applicable for periods of four years, tacitly renewable unless either party rescinds it, entailed the repeal and replacement of the first agreement between the EC and São Tomé and Principe, concluded in 1984.
In this context, on 23 July 2007 the European Council adopted Regulation (EC) No 894/2007 on the conclusion of a Fisheries Partnership Agreement between the Democratic Republic of São Tomé and Principe and the European Community.
In this context, strategic reporting, as a new instrument, increases accountability in delivering policy objectives and shows that cohesion policy should address all European regions and societal challenges in order to achieve smart, sustainable and inclusive growth in the whole EU.
In this context, the Commission takes careful note, welcomes the resolution to be adopted by Parliament on EU-Canada trade relations and is grateful for its general support.
In this context, the Commission will examine measures to reduce excessive dependence on external ratings, improve transparency, promote competition, introduce the principle of liability and reduce the risk of potential conflicts of interest due to the issuer-pays payment model.
In this context, the request submitted by Canada to the World Trade Organisation (WTO) concerning the creation of a special dispute settlement body in relation to the European embargo is justified.
In this context, to unlock this potential as well as possible, we must facilitate both the transfer of creative knowledge to new generations, but also the mobility of artists throughout Europe.
In this context, we have looked with great interest at Mr Klinz's own-initiative report which covers the topics we are currently reviewing and makes a very big contribution to our legislative initiative.
In this context, we now have ongoing negotiations between the Commission, Parliament and the Council with a view to establishing a more efficient evaluation system for Schengen.
In this context, youth mobility within the EU, combined with greater flexibility in terms of the labour market and the education and training on offer, are essential elements which ought to be developed at EU and national level.
In this crisis that has lasted much longer than the Greek crisis, we are also in a situation where all of the solutions that the Council comes up with are coming too late and are too narrow in scope.
In this debate about education, I want to reiterate an important point: the need to include in secondary school studies a specific subject covering the history, aims and workings of the European Union.
In this difficult context, the European Union and its businesses have a substantial social responsibility in the relations they maintain with third countries.
In this document, we have reiterated the need for equality, justice and fairness for producers and regions. I think that is important.
In this extremely delicate transition phase, we must keep a balanced approach to both north and south, with particular attention to the needs of the south regarding institution building and governance.
In this instance, I think that it is worth considering whether restrictions should be introduced concerning use of the EAW for the most trivial crimes, for example, those punishable by up to two years in prison.
In this instance, the differences that exist between the legal systems of the Member States constitute a barrier to the proper functioning of the EU market. I therefore also believe that an optional instrument, or a '28th legal regime', stands a good chance of helping to unlock the potential of the European market in the field of e-commerce, and of helping to expand the market for entrepreneurs while guaranteeing equal access to goods and services for consumers.
In this light, I consider the report submitted by the rapporteur to be very important, and I think that the processes he has outlined will enable us to modify the apparatus used to assess financial products so that the conclusions that are offered, either by rating agencies or by other mechanisms, will result in more objective ratings of financial products.
In this light, an initiative for the European Union to coordinate investment policy seems just as normal.
In this new version, the item will have to be delivered within 30 days.
In this period of economic and financial crisis, it is imperative to have leaders and people in charge who can show composure and independence.
In this regard, I am increasingly concerned about the issue of the exclusions. I fully understand why India is currently demanding certain exclusions in certain sectors in the negotiations. A country at the level of development at which India currently finds itself needs exclusions.
In this regard, I confirm that I have authorised my staff to continue down our chosen path, because the Commission has always supported origin labelling both for products made in the European Union and for those that are imported.
In this regard, I have to welcome the recent resolution passed by the United Nations General Assembly granting the European Union observer status within the Security Council, thus acknowledging what the Treaty of Lisbon enshrines.
In this regard, I hope that the Vice-President/High Representative will raise the issue of Georgia, parts of whose territory remain annexed and occupied illegally by Russian soldiers, and help also to put pressure on Russia to solve the Transnistria question in Moldova. I also accept that the Commission is now making the suggestion that the EU-Russia Summit should be annual rather than every six months, which is a good idea and the way forward.
In this regard, I must highlight the differences in sanitary standards.
In this regard, I think that effective corporate governance must take into account equally the interests of all the stakeholders and, at the same time, the stability of the financial system.
In this regard, I welcome improving relations with regional organisations.
In this regard, I would also like to express my approval of the European Commission's proposals for new measures, including, among others, proposals for creating a category of intermediate regions. I think that work on a new structure will increase effectiveness and allow the policy to be pursued in a way which measures up to the challenges we currently face.
In this regard, I would like to point out that implementation of the first digital dividend in the Member States has so far been progressing at very different rates.
In this regard, Parliament has obliged Member States to invest part of the returns from toll collection in the improvement of traffic flow and mobility infrastructure.
In this regard, and in terms of moving the negotiations on the CAP forward, when does the Commission expect to be in a position to reveal the detailed proposals of the next multi-financial framework and the allocation of the CAP budget? I think it is imperative that we know that as quickly as possible because, as Members, we are working somewhat in the dark, not knowing what finances are going to be available to us.
In this regard, firstly, I would like to make a brief comment about early childhood education.
In this regard, it is important to strengthen Frontex, establish greater solidarity among the Member States, set up agreements for increased border control and also to repatriate illegal immigrants.
In this regard, it should be said that the European Arrest Warrant responds to a need, particularly in view of the fact that it is not only honest citizens who mostly take advantage of the freedom to move around the European Union, but also criminals, who do not by any means exercise their rights for tourism or business purposes, but for criminal activities, or to avoid being brought to justice in their own country or in the country in which they committed the crime.
In this regard, our methodology is probably still in need of improvement.
In this regard, two aspects seem to me to be important; namely, firstly, the dissemination by the European Union and Member States of clear and understandable information on regulations and procedures currently in force.
In this regard, we can also do without the voluntary participation of the private sector, so we are told.
In this regard, we simply need to introduce the content of the research carried out in the Seventh Framework Programme for research and the CIP and the various other programmes to our educational establishments, namely, to professors, teachers and nursery school teachers.
In this regard, we still have an unresolved issue, but I hope that the Council will manage to hold a serious discussion on what this is actually about.
In this regard, we wish to introduce some innovations, including business-to-business and business-to-consumer contracts regulated by an optional instrument that would enlarge the parties' choice, and the introduction of a monitoring and review mechanism in order to ensure that the optional instrument keeps up with market needs and legal and economic developments.
In this regard, what Parliament is proposing in terms of research and innovation - specifically simplifying funding for research, development and innovation (R&D&I), and promoting appropriate programme management, especially for SMEs - is particularly important, as is strengthening innovation capacities over the full cycle, including non-technological innovation within the future financial framework for research and innovation. I also support investment intended to support local SMEs through, for example, the involvement of innovation centres, chambers of commerce, business associations and innovation clusters across the Single Market.
In this regard, what is required is greater focus on support for the programme, a stronger connection with business requirements and better coordination with the EU's other financial instruments and with the Structural Funds.
In this report and, of course, in this debate as well, we have rightly focused primarily on southern areas and on the Middle East. I do not want to repeat what Mr Schulz, Mrs De Keyser and others have said. I would just like to refer briefly to the situation in Palestine and Israel.
In this report in particular, which sought to assess the implementation of the programmes, the European Parliament drew up an assessment and highlighted the successes, difficulties and possible solutions.
In this report, particular attention is paid to the working conditions in the sector, in particular, irregular income and insecure working relations, which call for an in-depth debate in order to take account of specific aspects, for instance, by fighting against discrimination in terms of remuneration, and to improve the match between job held and level of qualification.
In this report, the European Parliament is carrying out a mid-term review in order to ensure that FP7 meets the needs of European policies. I agree that in order to ensure that this programme is as effective as possible, it is necessary to simplify complicated and burdensome administrative procedures so as to successfully create a European Research Area.
In this report, the European Union has set itself very ambitious targets based on well-conceived principles.
In this report, we do not only set out the policies we want to achieve.
In this respect I support Commissioner Oettinger on the new energy efficiency proposal, which will certainly bring about savings for individuals and businesses by helping them manage their own consumption.
In this respect, I am delighted that, as part of the vote on the Green Paper entitled 'Preparing forests for climate change', paragraph 38 of the Arsenis report has been adopted, which 'urgently calls on the Commission to present a legislative proposal on forest fire prevention' and plans, in particular, 'a 30-year ban on building on land where there has been a forest fire'. This is a good way of countering the widespread practice of using forest fires to promote the interests of property developers.
In this respect, I can assure the honourable Members that both Bulgaria and Romania will continue to report regularly on the steps taken to remedy the remaining shortcomings.
In this respect, I encourage you, Commissioner, to continue in this direction and to develop cooperation with the other committees, with the European Commission's other services, as well as with Baroness Ashton's European External Action Service.
In this respect, I have to say that your refusal and that of the Council to allow the European Parliament to participate in establishing macroeconomic indicators through delegated acts does not seem to me to be the right approach.
In this respect, I should like to point out that high levels of poverty remain in the developing countries, territories and regions and that we need to increase the funds devoted to the causes of poverty, in particular, malnutrition, health problems, education, access to drinking water, instead of moving towards systems for regulating immigration which come under other financial schemes.
In this respect, I support the Commission proposals for a system of incentives financed by the EU to support farmers who move towards sustainable development.
In this respect, I very much applaud the Commission's proposal for European environmental economic accounts, because there is no need for the wholesale rejection of misleading indicators.
In this respect, I welcome the Commission's decision to send experts to Germany.
In this respect, Member States must promote stable economic models based on creativity.
In this respect, a decision by the former President Marc Ravalomanana to return to his country is essential, taking into consideration the fact that the current leaders are forcing him to choose between exile and forced labour for life.
In this respect, any attempt to prevent MEPs from expressing their opinions on matters of public interest cannot be approved in a democratic society.
In this respect, in the strategy for equality between women and men 2010-2015, the Commission has designated the development of indicators in the area of women and the environment among the priorities of the future work of the European Gender Equality Institute.
In this respect, it is important to ensure that the first European radio spectrum policy programme is in line with the objectives already outlined in the EU 2020 strategy and the Digital Agenda and comes within the priority actions of the Single Market Act.
In this respect, it is necessary to highlight the central role of increased transparency in their activities. I firmly believe that we must support the establishment of new CRAs while avoiding any distortions of competition.
In this respect, it will be essential to achieve the full engagement of public and local authorities. A fundamental objective of innovation is to maintain a high level of prosperity in Europe. I hope the joining of forces which has been proposed will contribute to support for the process of innovation and help bring about economic stabilisation.
In this respect, like the rapporteur, I believe that there is still a long way to go on the path to credible, consistent and visible EU external action, as there is no European strategy for every organisation of which the Member States or the EU are part.
In this respect, strengthening the flexibility scheme will make for a smoother transition between the various stages of laying down emission limits, thereby enabling businesses too to spread the necessary investment over a longer period of time, including in the area of research and development.
In this respect, the adoption of a European legal basis for the collection of data on environmental economic accounts will mean that estimates can be provided at European level regarding the existing interaction between economic and environmental factors.
In this respect, the application of protectionist measures is counterproductive and we hope they will not be hidden behind overplayed health threats, which is, in our opinion, the recent case with the ban on imports of vegetables from the EU.
In this respect, the conclusions of the Doha conference must be taken into consideration, as you have just said, Commissioner, and we must not lose sight of the ongoing need to channel humanitarian aid and guarantee the safety of aid workers.
In this respect, the future obligation for rapporteurs to make public the names of the lobbies they have met is a further step in the direction of the full independence of the European Parliament, and will ensure that there is a balanced representation of the interests of all European citizens.
In this respect, the idea of putting in place incentive mechanisms intended for employers so that they encourage their employees to participate in training programmes, suggested by Mrs Hirsch in this report, sounds interesting.
In this respect, the impact of culture should not be measured in terms of growth in GDP: we must also appreciate the fact that a person does not just generate growth in GDP by participating in the rat race, but by living a unique life of human values, and it is to that end that we must create the right conditions and circumstances.
In this respect, the report highlights the need to strengthen dialogue with the European Commission at the different negotiation stages and in the monitoring of agreements in force.
In this respect, the risk-sharing finance facility is a real success, but it must take a more inclusive approach to SMEs and research infrastructure. I therefore call on the Commission to do everything in its power to solve the disputes as quickly as possible and to take into account the courses of action proposed in this report.
In this respect, we should stress the commendable work done by the Hungarian Presidency and the quality of the negotiators from this Parliament. I would also like to emphasise the results that Parliament obtained in the discussions with the Council, as the latter demonstrated genuine openness.
In this respect, we support these reports on the budget frameworks and the macroeconomic component of the 'economic governance' package.
In this same context, we also talk about resolving the issue of copyright, funding the cultural and creative industries, artists' mobility or the release of cultural productions.
In this sense I applaud the reference to the issue of Eurosecurities (Eurobonds). I have always been in favour of issuing these Eurobonds, which I believe can bring added value by being issued jointly, and of a strong euro. I hope that Parliament will reach a final agreement and approve the entire governance package as quickly as possible, in order to send a strong and unified message to the public and the markets and to stop speculation.
In this sense it is an issue requiring delicate handling not only with regard to the payments for the following year, but also with regard to implementation of the 2011 budget for the current year.
In this sense, I believe that by eliminating subjective factors such as personal happiness, which cannot be considered to be indicators, the new text has reached a good compromise.
In this sense, I join the proponents of this resolution in calling on the Commission to prioritise the modernisation of the procurement rules and to address service concessions in order to avoid the further fragmentation of EU law on public procurement, in line with the principles of 'better law making'.
In this sense, I would highlight the future tabling of a report by the European Commission on issuance of sovereign bonds - Eurosecurities - under joint and several liability. I should also like to stress the extraordinary work undertaken here, with the institutionalisation of economic dialogue among the various European institutions, as well as the promotion of participation by national parliaments and governments in a genuine democratic debate about economic policy.
In this sense, giving a financial dimension to the Europe 2020 strategy brings into play and gives a central role to our consistency and credibility.
In this sense, the report suggests a single strategic framework for the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF), the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development (EAFRD), the European Social Fund (ESF) and the European Fisheries Fund (EFF). Ensuring a common approach to these various regional funds will also serve to prevent overlapping and confusion for those economic operators at regional and local level who are interested in receiving European funding for a particular project.
In this sense, we need to also ensure that regions that are lagging a little behind invest in specialisation.
In this situation, I believe that adopting an EU-level procedure for verifying and reviewing bilateral investment agreements is preferable to a formal intergovernmental arrangement.
In this spirit, the nomination of the individuals of which it is composed must be governed by capability and independence criteria.
In this time of difficulty, I believe it is fundamental to have a person of the very highest calibre at the helm of the ECB, and Mario Draghi is a perfect representation of this profile.
In this vein, Parliament's request for the Commission to consider creating an independent European agency that could also be responsible for sovereign debt ratings is significant.
In this way, I believe, we will get the maximum impact from our investments.
In this way, I should like to encourage Member States and the European Commission to promote both artistic and cultural education among all age groups, from primary education through to higher or vocational education, and the entrepreneurial skills of professionals in the cultural sector, including in the context of lifelong learning.
In this way, the Union can bring real added value to the policy.
In this way, the common agricultural policy will be able to integrate various aspects - economic aspects, environmental aspects, aspects associated with climate change and aspects associated with harmonising territories in rural areas - into the objectives proposed in this reform.
In this way, we can also contribute - thanks to the technologies and the agricultural techniques that will be used by farmers - not only to ensuring economic competitiveness, but also to reducing the impact of agricultural activity on climate change.
In this way, we can also ensure that the same opportunities are pursued in these countries as elsewhere.
In this way, we can provide a level playing field for all Member States where excellence-based assessment is concerned.
In this way, we will perhaps be able to bring about what Mrs Ek has called a European safety culture.
In this way, you can directly see that the interpretation teams cannot keep up with you.
In times of crisis, the EU's budget should not be increased either.
In times of increasing globalisation in which the volume of traffic is also rising massively, it is exactly those Member States with sensitive regions such as in the area crossing the Alps that have an interest in charging road users for certain external costs according to the 'polluter pays' principle.
In today's global context, innovation policy has a huge impact on all areas of life and, in future, it will become the main pillar of economic, cultural and social development in the European Union.
In today's vote I have given my backing to the request for discharge with respect to the implementation of the budget of the European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights for 2009.
In today's vote, I endorsed the amendments to the Directive on Consumer Rights which make it easier to make purchases on the Internet, because this is a very important step towards the complete lifting of barriers to the flow of goods while at the same time safeguarding the rights of consumers.
In total, over 56 000 people safely made it home.
In truth, it is essential that we increase our awareness of the fact that we cannot leave these problems for future generations. I welcome the introduction of a financial mechanism to help manage this waste, so as to stop it being dangerous, and the adoption of regulators that are more demanding and prevent the violation of this directive.
In truth, the answer has to be 'more Europe', not 'less Europe'. It has to be the right Europe, however - not the wrong package.
In two years' time - by 2013 at the latest - the Commission is to present a report and, where possible, also propose a revision of this directive. I hope that, at the end of this decade, we will have a green national product in addition to the gross national product.
In view also of the lessons learned from the implementation of the development cooperation instrument ahead of the introduction of the new post-2013 instrument, I believe that Parliament should have the possibility to defend the specificity of the EU's development policy by scrutinising strategic programming decisions on an equal footing with the Council.
In view of all this, this House should send an unequivocally strong message to the Council and, notably, to the permanent representations of five countries that I shall refrain from mentioning but which are in the minds of all of us here today.
In view of the Court of Auditors' statement that it has obtained reasonable assurances that the annual accounts for the financial year 2009 are reliable, and that the underlying transactions are legal and regular, I voted in favour of granting discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the European Agency for Safety and Health at Work for the financial year 2009.
In view of the Court of Auditors' statement that it has obtained reasonable assurances that the annual accounts for the financial year 2009 are reliable, and that the underlying transactions are legal and regular, I voted in favour of granting discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control for the financial year 2009.
In view of the Court of Auditors' statement that it has obtained reasonable assurances that the annual accounts for the financial year 2009 are reliable, and that the underlying transactions are legal and regular, I voted in favour of granting discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the European Training Foundation for the financial year 2009.
In view of the Court of Auditors' statement that it has obtained reasonable assurances that the annual accounts for the financial year 2009 are reliable, and that the underlying transactions are legal and regular, I voted in favour of granting discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the Joint Undertaking for the Implementation of the Joint Technology Initiative on Innovative Medicines for the financial year 2009.
In view of the European Council meeting on 23-24 June, I would like to raise the issue of Croatia's accession. I would first of all like to say how pleased I am that my position, supported by an amendment to the resolution on the 2010 progress report for Croatia, tabled along with my colleague Bernd Posselt, is in the process of becoming a reality.
In view of the above, such a system cannot be successfully introduced without penalties, and without restrictive penalties, as some have said.
In view of the above, we should continue to spur Georgia on to further development, not only by setting requirements, but also by granting aid.
In view of the budgetary situation of most EU Member States, this is unacceptable.
In view of the complexity of the machinery of European law and national legislation, a single optional system that could be rolled out across the European Union is an appealing prospect, but is probably a Sisyphean task, as we will clearly be hampered by diverse legal systems, protests from the legal profession, and jurisdiction issues. I fear that it would be very difficult to establish, but let us give it a shot and see what happens.
In view of the controversies which are aroused by nuclear energy today and the fact that the EU institutional system has changed since the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon, I think the European Parliament should be included in the decision-making process in the area of nuclear energy.
In view of the crisis and the difficulties certain Member States face with cofinancing, it is important that we speed up the implementation of this second pillar, which represents about 70%.
In view of the current financial situation and the ongoing implementation of the programmes, the Commission should make every effort to promote simplicity and flexibility in rules on the implementation of programmes, and should allow cofinancing rates to be renegotiated within the current regulations, whenever this is necessary and sought by the Member States.
In view of the dangers associated with unemployment among young people and with demographic changes it is crucial to achieve full use of the potential of the European Social Fund (ESF), and that requires the creation of conditions to achieve better coordination of the ESF with other instruments at regional and local level.
In view of the ever-increasing importance of CCIs, as well as the objective of strengthening this sector, which is of strategic importance for the achievement of the Europe 2020 goals, the Commission should draw up a White Paper which would unlock cultural and creative potential.
In view of the fact that CO2 emissions know no borders, and that after production is transferred emissions will continue, which will unavoidably have a negative impact on the environment, the European Union economy will lose out, since it is exporting jobs.
In view of the fact that Japan is only the sixth largest of the European Union's trade partners, Japan's potential for cooperation with the EU in the field of trade and investment is still unexploited.
In view of the fact that the EMCDDA is open to participation by third countries and that Croatia has been seeking to participate since 2005, and considering that the country is a transit route through which illicit drugs are smuggled on the way from the production countries to consumer countries, and that significant seizures, particularly of cocaine, are made in this country, I believe that Croatia's participation in the EMCDDA is an important step. I am therefore voting in favour of the decision on the conclusion, on behalf of the EU, of an agreement between the EU and the Republic of Croatia for this purpose.
In view of the fact that the European Union is Canada's second largest trade partner, and that Canada is a major partner for the EU in the field of foreign direct investment, I voted in favour of the motion for a resolution on EU-Canada trade relations.
In view of the fact that the credibility of the entire European financial sector will probably be assessed according to the stringency of these tests, it would be good for the tests to be as comprehensive as possible, and for them to reflect in their stringency the actual risks the financial sector may face in the current period.
In view of the fact that we must count on further losses through climate change, European forestry finds itself in a difficult and risky situation.
In view of the fact that women account for only 30% of European researchers and only 13% of directors of European research institutions, I would highlight the need for the 'Innovation Union' initiative to take account of future guidelines as regards a more balanced representation of women and men in scientific disciplines. I would also call for such guidelines to be implemented effectively by the Member States.
In view of the high level of interdependence between the budgets of the Member States and the EU budget, budgetary forecasts at both levels should be characterised by the same degree of transparency.
In view of the impotence of the political players, their inability to recognise cause and effect and their unwillingness to accept responsibility, it seems that this culture could also come to an end through Greece. I have voted against this report.
In view of the inadequacy of the EU's traditional own resources, a specialist discussion was started in the SURE committee on new own resources for the EU budget.
In view of the major economic benefits, which EGNOS will have on the broader European economy if fully developed and deployed, the Commission should set out clear priorities in this area, including the operation of EGNOS throughout the whole of the EU and ensuring adequate investment in related research and technological development.
In view of the number of nuclear power stations on the territory of the European Union and the current level of coordination within the European Union, what possible scenarios is the Commission aware of regarding the effects of a serious nuclear accident in a power station for the populations resident in the individual Member States? Does the European Commission have any plans to coordinate the national positions in the event of a nuclear disaster? Nuclear disasters always come as a surprise, and always have international and global consequences.
In view of the points described above, I felt compelled to vote in favour.
In view of the present financial difficulties within the EU, we cannot provide this aid at the moment.
In view of the size and strength of the two economies, particular care is required when agreeing a comprehensive, bilateral trade agreement.
In view of the strategic repositioning of countries such as the United States, China and Russia, and growing shortages of raw materials and energy resources, Europe should develop a crucial, decisive role, but it is quite clearly showing itself to be unprepared for such challenges.
In view of the tightening of monetary policy due to the financial and economic crisis, loans, which are essential for long-term investments linked to innovation, are being restricted.
In view of the very high level of coal usage in Poland's energy sector, as of 2013 Polish industry will be forced to bear significantly higher costs than its European competitors, due to the ETS.
In view of these considerations, I regard the agreement mentioned as an important contribution to the current international fight against IUU fishing and I am voting in favour of its approval.
In view of these facts, I believe that the European Commission must consider the means required to devise urgently and adopt suitable measures for easing the difficult economic situation which many European fishermen are in, also taking into account the financial difficulties currently facing a number of countries which have large fishing fleets.
In view of this and the statement by the EP President to the effect that freedom of movement is perhaps the aspect of the EU most appreciated by Europeans, what position does the Commission intend to adopt with regard to Denmark following its recent decision to reintroduce border controls? Is it willing to take measures further to strengthen external EU borders? Will it review the principle that the Member State of entry bears sole responsibility for illegal immigrants?
In view of this change, I welcome the corresponding new Parliamentary responsibility to monitor the conduct of negotiations more closely. I would take the opportunity to point out here that, in order to be well placed to consider whether or not to grant consent once the negotiations have been completed, Parliament needs to follow the process from the outset, rather than after the negotiations have been concluded.
In view of this change, the Committee on Transport and Tourism decided to draw up an own-initiative report with the aim of setting out some general principles on how air agreements should be evaluated, covering both their substance and the procedures the Committee might adopt to ensure it is well informed throughout the course of negotiations, and has an opportunity to express its priorities well before being confronted with the yes/no choice of consent.
In view of this change, the Committee on Transport and Tourism decided to draw up an own-initiative report with the aim of setting out some general principles regarding how air agreements should be evaluated, both in terms of substance and the procedures the Committee might adopt to ensure that it is well informed throughout the course of negotiations, and has an opportunity to express its priorities well before being confronted with the yes/no choice of consent.
In view of this change, the Committee on Transport and Tourism has decided to draft an own-initiative report with the aim of setting out some general principles regarding how air agreements should be evaluated by Parliament in terms of substance, rather than being confronted with the final decision and merely being able to adopt or reject it. Parliament's new powers, provided for in the Treaty of Lisbon, bring with them new responsibilities to ensure that Parliament and its competent committee are well informed about the preparation of the agreements to which it will subsequently be asked to give its consent.
In view of this serious crisis affecting the whole of the southern Mediterranean and now spreading into the Arabian Peninsula, the European Parliament must act as a sounding board for all these protests by ordinary people.
In view of this, I am voting for the adoption of the regulation tabled by Parliament and the Commission.
In view of this, I am voting in favour of this report, as I believe that it marks a positive step in defining a clearer and simpler legislative environment for European businesses which import textile and footwear products originating in third countries for which there continue to be quantitative restrictions because they are not WTO members. I also believe that the customs authorities make an effective contribution to efficiently monitoring imports of this type of product, effectively supervising their impact on the EU's economic climate and, thus, the economy of each Member State.
In view of this, I support the rapporteur's request that the Council not limit the scope of this report to a mere description of the activities of this policy, but rather transform it into a political tool that is focused on solutions.
In view of this, I voted in favour of this report on the amendment to Parliament's Rules of Procedure following the establishment of a common register for the registration and monitoring of organisations and individuals who participate in any way in the drafting and implementation of EU policies.
In view of this, I voted in favour of this report, as it will allow the Member States, if they so wish, to also charge road users for some limited external costs, with the aim of introducing the 'polluter pays' principle to road transport.
In view of this, and considering the importance of the issue of legitimacy and informing citizens for the effectiveness and proper functioning of European policies, I voted for the draft agreement on the establishment of a common transparency register.
In view of this, and in the interests of transparency, which should guide the dialogue between these stakeholders and Union institutions, Parliament and the Commission have agreed to establish a common register to list and monitor individuals and organisations involved in drafting and implementing EU policy.
In view of this, and taking into account the importance of measuring instruments for most areas of human activity, I am voting for this proposal for a directive on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to units of measurement.
In view of this, cooperation with the leading regional powers should be encouraged, so that the EU can actively participate in the building and improvement of an international environment that enables the EU to promote its values and interests, as required by the Treaty.
In view of this, it is important that the regions that are already out of Objective 1 be able to go through an intermediate phase that consolidates the development of which they have already shown themselves to be capable, instead of being abruptly abandoned, thus jeopardising the progress made in the meantime.
In view of this, the Committee on Transport and Tourism has tabled this report, which appears to be extremely positive and timely, setting out some general principles with which I fully agree.
In view of this, we cannot fail to take into consideration the fact that the objectives of the common commercial policy must be fully coordinated with the overall objectives of the European Union.
In view of this, we would question the limits of the potential use of these programmes in the context of assumed competition between the EU and the United States with regard to the functionality and efficiency of these systems.
In view of this: Is the Commission aware that this approach not only is creating a vicious circle of pay cuts and erosion of workers' rights but also runs counter to the Treaties, which the Commission is required to respect?
In voting against the report, the Greek Communist Party voted against the CAP as a whole, both current and 'new', which has ruined small and medium-sized holdings and promotes agricultural development on the basis of the criterion of the profitability of the monopoly food companies.
In voting for the report by Mrs Schaake, I am making a plea for the institution of a genuine European cultural diplomacy in order to promote our values outside the EU. Thinking of culture as a strategic element of foreign policy would, in fact, enable Europe to make up the deficit with regard to certain states.
In voting for these six directives and/or regulations, as I hope we will, we will certainly be taking the euro area a step further, and I mean a step, nothing more, towards the kind of discipline that has been so lacking, and its value will be proven in the future.
In voting on this report I call on the EESC, and in particular on its Secretary-General, to cooperate fully with OLAF and to provide all necessary assistance to OLAF agents in carrying out their investigation in relation to allegations of maladministration.
In your speeches you have mentioned nutrition on a number of occasions and in fact canned fish tick all of the boxes: they are low in value, high in protein, with no necessity for refrigerated transport or for cold storage facilities when they arrive, and, of course, they have a long shelf life.
Incessant technological progress means that we are increasingly able to transmit more data using less of the spectrum and with less interference.
Incidentally, Mr Danilishin has never been a member of any political party, so the charge brought against him is entirely economic in nature.
Inclusion could strengthen the environmental integrity of our climate commitments, ensuring that all emissions and removals are covered, while enhancing the visibility of efforts by farmers and foresters to increase sinks through sustainable land-use management.
Increased effectiveness between ERDF and other structural funds (
Increased trust among Member States will also reduce the recourse by Member States to unilateral initiatives to temporarily reintroduce internal borders or to intensify police checks at internal border zones.
Increasing importance should, however, be given to ensuring that consumers are given accurate and comprehensive information, especially with regard to lots, dates of manufacture and other information which enables them to track the progress of the product from its point of origin.
Increasing the costs borne by this sector means increasing the burden on society as a whole and penalising our goods, for which there will be a corresponding fall in demand. I do not believe that this compromise is the right answer, particularly for a country such as Italy, for example, which is a departure point for transport flows that create wealth for our national system and that need to be safeguarded through the identification of appropriate tools that will combat air and noise pollution, but which have due regard for its specific structural and logistical characteristics.
Increasing the level of social, economic and infrastructure cohesion or ensuring equality of opportunity in the agricultural sector are objectives which deserve our support.
Increasing the pace of research and innovation is crucial for introducing a fair and competitive economic model, ensuring jobs for the future, moving towards sustainable resource management, facing up to energy challenges and stimulating a knowledge-based society.
Indeed, Croatia, like certain other European countries, is a transit route through which illicit drugs are smuggled on the way from production countries to consumer countries.
Indeed, Europe lags behind the United States and is being caught up very quickly by the emerging countries; it must therefore quickly re-establish innovation at the forefront of its social model.
Indeed, I am in favour of the application of GNSS functions to different modes of transport and of the proper implementation of research and funding in this area.
Indeed, I believe that the European Union should use every instrument at its disposal to prevent and combat illegal trade while at the same time preserving the fishing market, which has always been a robust pillar of the common fisheries policy.
Indeed, I consider these structures to be the direct product of democratically-elected bodies (town, departmental, regional councils, etc.). They represent the general interest, and should therefore be distinguished from lobbyists who defend individual interests.
Indeed, I find it compelling that one diaspora organisation of the Tamil community, the Global Tamil Forum, has said that credible allegations against the LTTE - and they have made this very prominent - should also be investigated.
Indeed, I want to ask Mr Piebalgs in his reply to explain what the EU is doing to combat continuing and deteriorating human rights violations, in particular, concerning human rights defenders such as Hawa Abdulla from the AU-UN peace-keeping mission, who has been subject to arbitrary detention and beaten.
Indeed, I would go further and say that large-scale producers today are usually vertically integrated under contractual terms with the processing sector, and that the prophylactic use of antibiotics is usually prohibited or restricted under quality assurance schemes.
Indeed, India is the largest beneficiary of the Generalised System of Preferences (GSP). If we take into account the importance of strategic relations between the EU and India, as well as the safeguarding of matters relating to agriculture, respect for human rights and the issue of child labour in particular, environmental preservation and compliance with the International Labour Organisation's recommendations on social and copyright issues, all the conditions for voting in favour of this motion for a resolution are in place.
Indeed, a clear increase in applications to mobilise this tool that brings the Union closer to its workers has been noted.
Indeed, as is argued, finding solutions for common problems in Europe is a challenge for faster development, greater cost efficiency and increased creative strength.
Indeed, at a time when the global crisis has worsened the socio-economic situation of many regions, and when we are already debating future cohesion policy, it was crucial for the European Parliament to stress its opposition to any attempt to nationalise cohesion policy or make it more sector-specific.
Indeed, back in 2006, the European Council called on the Member States to extend the national accounts to key aspects of sustainable development, in order to provide the most consistent data possible. I voted in favour of this proposal for a regulation because I believe it can facilitate the work of national statistics offices by enabling them to compile harmonised and timely environmental accounting data.
Indeed, by adopting a 'negative list approach' (a list that excludes certain public services from the liberalisation process) and not, on the contrary, 'a positive list approach' (exempting public services from liberalisation, except those featured in the list), we may well end up weakening public services.
Indeed, changes such as extensive structural and regulatory reform of the financial sector must take place, but any improvement of the current situation can only occur through the creation of incentives as well as radical and comprehensive modernisation policies and targeted investment.
Indeed, cities play a driving role in achieving our objectives in relation to employment, training and energy efficiency.
Indeed, enterprises deserve a leading role in research and innovation, partly because we must remember that EU policies on the subject grew and developed through the promotion of policies aimed at strengthening collaboration between industry, educational systems and research institutions. I therefore believe that the report we have voted on represents a useful contribution to the ongoing debate on a future joint strategic programme to support research and innovation in the EU.
Indeed, evidence shows that particular groups, and notably those under temporary or precarious contracts, have taken a much bigger hit as a result of the crisis.
Indeed, from a very young age, caring for children, their learning and gradual awareness of their environment are of decisive importance for the next phase of their education.
Indeed, given the low rate of implementation, there is a need to create mechanisms enabling the most disadvantaged Member States to make use of the funds allocated to them or risk them being forced to return these funds to the EU, which will redistribute them to richer countries. I welcome the adoption of this report, for which I voted, not only because of the solutions it proposes, but also because of the structure that it suggests for future cohesion policy.
Indeed, here in the European Union, we also say that all are equal, and that includes equality before the law.
Indeed, how can we draft European policies if we do not have data on the situation in each Member State?
Indeed, improving infrastructure does not always go hand-in-hand with major development. A rigorous assessment of all projects underway is therefore urgently needed, along with a strategic redirection of the funds that are still available, taking into account the achievement of the objectives set out by the Europe 2020 strategy in preparation for the next Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF). I support the recommendations in this report aimed at creating synergies through the establishment of a strategic instrument that covers all the Structural Funds and is geared towards innovation and technological development, supporting companies, particularly small and medium-sized enterprises, and reducing administrative costs.
Indeed, in the report adopted without any problem in the Committee on Culture and Education and during the European Parliament plenary session, we stressed how important it is for Member States to be involved in the implementation process and to be monitored by the European Commission.
Indeed, it cannot simply be involved at the end of the process, whereby its activity is reduced to merely agreeing or disagreeing with the final solution, without having a range of relevant indicators at its disposal in order to make a considered decision.
Indeed, it is an open secret in Ukraine and abroad that the real cause of the gas crisis that descended on us in early 2009 was a rift between the family clans of Prime Minister Tymoshenko and President Yushchenko, as they fought to control the profits from the transport of gas. I agree that exploiting the baseless criminalisation of political opponents in order to repress opposition forces is unacceptable, but I find it highly presumptuous to claim that none of Tymoshenko's team put a foot wrong during their chaotic period in government.
Indeed, it is because Bashar al-Assad has crossed the red line that Hamas suddenly no longer feels at ease in Damascus and is considering moves to Qatar and Cairo, and that it wanted to hold last-minute negotiations when it had been negotiating for ages.
Indeed, it is the leading country in the Association of South-East Asian Nations (ASEAN), with whom the European Union signed a Partnership and Cooperation Agreement in November 2009, and currently holds the chair of ASEAN.
Indeed, it is wrong that the European Union, the region in the world that is most open to foreign investment, cannot operate on the markets of its industrialised partners under fair conditions.
Indeed, many generations to come will remain at risk This Report calls on member states to accept common minimum standards, invest in new technologies and, importantly, to ban nuclear waste export to third countries.
Indeed, my colleague, Mr Mann, referred to the visit there: the previous speaker is obviously not listening to what is going on in this debate.
Indeed, projects should not be drafted in order to take up the funds available, but rather to meet strategic objectives.
Indeed, the EU must enhance its role as a global actor and act as a global decision maker.
Indeed, the European Commission, responsible for negotiating this agreement, seems to want all services to be included, in principle.
Indeed, the Union has become a preferred target of international crime. I should also emphasise the size of the financial resources which support this policy. I think that the review of the ATHENA mechanism by the Polish Presidency will solve the budget problem.
Indeed, the business directory companies are often established in a different Member State, making it difficult for the victims to seek protection or redress from national authorities.
Indeed, the conclusions of the scientific opinion given by the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) at the end of 2007 are based on data concerning the slaughter of animals in abattoirs and which are not reliable with regard to seal hunting.
Indeed, the country is particularly interested in the fight against drug trafficking: as well as the problems it is experiencing with its domestic policy, it is a route of entry for smuggling these products into the EU. In its fight against drug addiction and trafficking, Croatia has already implemented measures to address this at a national level, both in terms of preventing consumption and in terms of supporting the investigation of drug-related crime.
Indeed, the economic development of an area has various dimensions that are not included in GDP, which takes a snapshot of a given moment.
Indeed, the existence of open and fair trade is a powerful tool for generating more growth and social welfare, building on the comparative advantages of each respective economy and potential synergies flowing from greater economic integration and new inputs to a knowledge-driven economy This means boosting the EU-Japan market, which, together, already represents more than a quarter of world gross domestic product (GDP) and more than 20% of world trade.
Indeed, the financial crisis has demonstrated that there are three key problems in how these agencies operate: lack of competition, over-reliance on external ratings and no accountability.
Indeed, the full picture for the 2007-2013 programming period will be visible only in 2015, two years after the second strategic report, since certain countries have two more years to use all the allocated funding. I voted in favour of this report, which, among other aspects, draws attention to the fact that effective selection and implementation of projects in some areas is hampered by factors which should be combated. I would like to highlight the late conclusion of the negotiations on the Multiannual Financial Framework and this policy's legislative package, resulting in belated completion of the national strategies and operational programmes, and in the scarcity of public resources available for cofinancing in Member States.
Indeed, the new CAP must be adapted to the 2020 strategy, but this must not entail cuts of even EUR 1, because there is no surfeit of resources for all the environmental, social and health challenges we intend to take on.
Indeed, the text explicitly mentions that local, regional and municipal authorities are not expected to register.
Indeed, the trend towards an increase in the proportion of non-standard or atypical contracts has a strong gender and generational dimension.
Indeed, transparency is vital to the functioning of the European institutions and it has often been seen as lacking.
Indeed, we can no longer ignore the social and economic dumping practised by companies in emerging countries who are winning contracts in countries of the Union, in defiance of social rights and legislation on State subsidies, while, in the meantime, the markets of these countries are closed to European companies.
Indeed, we have many aspirations for the second pillar: on territorial balance, environmental issues, young farmers, small farms, local markets and rural development. I can promise you that I, together with President Barroso and the Commission, see the second pillar as a priority.
Indeed, we have no access to or control over the waste policies pursued by third countries.
Indeed, we need better defended borders, a better migration policy, better administrative capacity and honest public servants.
Indeed, we want to see the EU's agricultural budget remain unchanged until 2020 to encourage farmers to guarantee the security of food supplies and the protection of the environment, to create new jobs, and to ensure a competitive agricultural sector. I then voted against the paragraph on payments to support genetically modified organisms (GMOs) and for the paragraph on the withdrawal of GMOs, and I supported the paragraph opposing the funding of the production of food from cloned animals and their offspring and descendants.
Indeed, whether it is a question of waste resulting from activities relating to the production of electricity or activities in other areas such as medicine, research and industry, the export of radioactive waste to third countries is an irresponsible practice that has been condemned by Parliament in adopting this report.
Indeed, while Europe has a strong humanitarian presence on immigration, I agree with Mrs Malmström that it is absent, at a political level, with regard to the tragedy behind it. More Mrs Malmström and less Baroness Ashton is what we need, and we will see that somehow we can improve the difficult conditions in which we find ourselves and will be able to ensure that the future is given a chance.
Independence and transparency are values that should be preserved and encouraged in any democracy in that they guarantee the public objective assessments, proportional decisions and legal procedure. I therefore agree, in general, with Parliament's proposals in this report.
Independence will be declared, there will be ongoing discussions, and the important element is that the African Union Panel, chaired by Thabo Mbeki, has support from both sides, North and South.
Independent and transparent elections are the cornerstone of democratic states and if Russia wants to be among those, it has to fulfil the standards.
Independent legal opinion in England has said that the allegations against Mr Assange would not constitute rape under English law.
India is achieving a new status in the international geopolitical context, going from being a beneficiary of development aid to a donor.
India is booming; it is a strategic partner, as you have reminded us. Everyone understands the importance of developing trade between us. Yet we are not starting from scratch, since the Union is already India's main trading partner, the main investor in India and the main destination for Indian investors, and India is also the main beneficiary of the system of generalised preferences.
India is one of the world's largest economies, with a rapidly growing services sector.
India's per capita GDP is about 6% of that of the EU. India, although ambitious, is a developing country with a huge number of poor and starving people within its borders.
Indian railways - to give you an example, 17 000 trains transport 18 million passengers every day, and there are plans to build a further 25 000 kilometres of track in the next 10 years - are one of the many markets that could potentially be opened up with this free trade agreement.
Indications or marks identifying the lot to which a foodstuff belongs (
Industrial and technological change increases the demand for workers with high and intermediate skill levels, with low-skilled labour being squeezed out.
Inefficient agencies must be closed, because the taxpayers will definitely not understand why millions of euro are being wasted on photo competitions within this proliferation of agencies.
Inflexible personal liability rules, the lack of financial support and high thresholds in order to enter the European market are all barriers that ensure that innovation has not, hitherto, seen great success in Europe.
Information and communications technology (ICT) is important in all innovative activity. ICT skills depend on improvements in the quality of training, support for lifelong learning, and the opportunity for those already in employment to update their own knowledge and skills continuously.
Information given to consumers, the medium on which this information is stored, goods of diminished commercial value and the possibility to return goods are particularly important issues today.
Information on forest resources, the state of the forests and the impact of climate change is equally essential in order to ensure that any decisions made relating to the forests bring about the greatest possible socio-economic and environmental benefits.
Information, knowledge and a great degree of transparency are necessary for public acceptance. I must also stress the important role played by international cooperation and joint research and development programmes in disseminating and exchanging best practices in this field.
Infrastructure investment is also crucial.
Initial signs of its success can already be seen in the fact that real GDP grew by 6.3% in 2010, providing evidence of a revival of the economy.
Innovation Union will also champion the best examples of public sector innovation, and the private and public sectors can learn from each other's best practice.
Innovation has been placed at the heart of the Europe 2020 strategy for smart, sustainable and inclusive growth. I would like to take this opportunity to illustrate in concrete terms what Innovation Union will mean for different people.
Innovation in micro-, small- and medium-sized enterprises requires support for public research and its results must be made available in a simple way, without bureaucracy, whether it be in terms of energy efficiency, using new sources of energy and new production processes, recycling and making better use of resources, or creating jobs with rights, or whether it be in human and social terms, with a view to social progress.
Innovation is solving common problems in Europe, meaning greater focus, faster developments, efficiency (cost-efficiency) and greater creativity.
Innovation is to European politics what education is to young people: a passport to the future, a virtually comprehensive insurance for a society that is making progress and preserving social cohesion.
Innovation is top of the European agenda and, as it is a pillar of the Europe 2020 strategy, it will have to be served by new financial instruments so that it does not succumb to budgetary constraints in the current situation.
Innovation may result in the development and reinvention of the European Union once the current crisis is over.
Innovation means attractiveness and competitiveness of the territories, and the involvement of the regional and local authorities is essential in terms of committing appropriations, reducing disparities and enhancing the active role that citizens must play.
Innovation means creating synergies and an integrated approach between the different sectoral policies in order to achieve the optimal result for growth and development on the ground.
Innovation policy should go hand-in-hand with policy in the field of vocational training and the labour market.
Innovation, competitiveness, sustainable development, creativity, efficiency - these are all fine words which fit in very well with current political, economic and labour market trends, but are there any concrete measures or real projects behind these words? Those who hear them will certainly react positively to their use, and they will help to promote the ideals they represent, and to gain support for them.
Innovation, structural cohesion and creating new products and services must be a priority that is considered when constructing any European policy.
Innovations are particularly important for combating global challenges such as climate change, energy and food security, etc., where there is a need to innovate and reinforce the existing scientific and technological base.
Innovative goods and services need to be adopted, which will target both the private and the public sector, so as to facilitate the implementation of administrative procedures, strengthen the public administration and reduce bureaucracy and the inflexibility of the public sector.
Inside Libya, our activities include the evacuation by sea of about 2000 civilians from Misrata, the provision of food, water, sanitation and medical supplies in Misrata and other areas of Libya, and provisional materials for food, as we expect the food situation to worsen in the next four to six weeks.
Insisting that the UK should pay over its hard-earned money is bad enough, but paragraph 169 suggests that the EU should have the power to levy its own taxes without our consent and without our control.
Instances of mis-selling of financial services products, and lack of sufficient support by banks for personal customers and small businesses that find themselves facing temporary liquidity problems, show that more tangible action should be taken by regulators to ensure that operators in the financial services industry support their clients and generally offer better protection to consumers.
Instead it is proposing to move from a zero tolerance strategy to one of tolerable risk when it comes to EU expenditure fraud.
Instead of a path to decline, we must pave the path to growth for Europe, a path to industrial and technological revolution, which is the leading innovation area.
Instead of a relatively open, transparent and criteria-based process, what do we have? A series of caucuses bringing together Heads of State or Government who say to each other, 'I would definitely put forward such and such a person'. That does nothing to enhance the European Union's credibility.
Instead of being viewed solely as a means of helping people to get better jobs, upskilling must give them the opportunity to shape the jobs of the future and, hence, contribute actively to an innovative economy.
Instead of criticising the flotilla, the EU should condemn the threats of violence made against us by the Israel Defence Forces.
Instead of establishing full national control over these issues, why not at least encourage a sharing of expertise between our security agencies? Security would benefit, as would transparency and citizenship at European level.
Instead of increasing competition and laying down common rules for the Internal Market, the new directive distorts competition for the benefit of a few Member States located at the heart of freight traffic in Europe.
Instead of lengthening the pain and piling even more burdens on the Greek economy, it would be far better to accept the inevitable and the judgment of the markets.
Instead of looking at the short term, we need to take action in support of better protection for our external borders, of signing and complying with readmission agreements with our southern and eastern neighbours, and of solidarity with those Member States which are subject to the strongest immigration pressure in southern Europe.
Instead of resolving problems, they exacerbate them.
Instead of showing leadership and focusing on what will bring growth and competitiveness to Europe, the proposal calls for an increase in the budget of 5% so as to avoid the need to prioritise.
Instead of taking every opportunity to save money, expenditure is being further increased.
Instead of the announced 'Innovation Union', the result could be a veritable innovation divide between the countries and regions that innovate most and the rest.
Instead of this, we are criticising the position of Russia in the case of imports of vegetables from the EU. How does our own behaviour appear, however, from outside the Union? When looking for the source of the deadly bacteria, and in the absence of hard evidence, we accuse each other, restrict imports and exports of commodities and claim compensation.
Instead of trying to bring together the peoples of Sri Lanka, there are those who seek to continue a campaign of hatred and division.
Instead, however, many of them are shedding jobs, partly due to the recession, but also due to a preponderance of regulation and red tape.
Instead, it leans towards complete nannying of the parents and a state takeover of child-rearing. I therefore voted against this report.
Instead, it seems like an attempt to impose the prestige of Germany at the expense of the principles of parity and equality between Member States on which the EU is founded. I have therefore decided not to support the report.
Instead, restructuring has taken place, cuts have been made in social services and public services have been reduced.
Instead, the current version of the package gives one the impression that it has come about mainly as a result of the pressure exerted by the credit rating agencies on the euro states of southern Europe.
Instead, they should focus on establishing platforms that involve both employers and workers, universities, businesses and local and regional organisations, in order to offer opportunities in the educational and professional training sector, and to ensure that there is good mobility and that qualifications are recognised.
Instead, we are merely reminding our friends how democracy works.
Instead, we believe that the EU should have demanded improvements in these areas that could have been implemented quickly, particularly in view of the fact that these demands will be made if a trade agreement between the EU and Pakistan should be entered into at a later date.
Instead, we must ask ourselves questions regarding the principles governing the EU's functioning in the next seven-year period: is it to be an EU based on solidarity, which fulfils its obligations and establishes an innovative economy and a common foreign policy in line with the Treaty of Lisbon? Or is it instead to be an EU which did admittedly include ambitious objectives in the Treaty, but which everyone knows was only playing make-believe? I am a staunch advocate of the former, and I support the rapporteur's opinion as regards the need to increase funding in the next Multiannual Financial Framework by 5% compared to 2013 levels.
Instead, we must deal with the facts, including the sources which Mrs Gomez referred to. In addition, the UN special rapporteur on torture submitted a useful document during the last committee meeting which proves that prisons of this kind were established by the CIA in Poland.
Instead, we need to aim for growth by aiming and focusing resources on research, training and the major challenges, and starting a virtuous circle.
Instead, we should consistently pursue every opportunity to make savings.
Instead, we would call on the Council to desist from boycotting Parliament and to answer the questions that we are asking about its accounts.
Institutional cooperation must be fair, logical and democratic. I hope that tomorrow's vote will send a clear, positive message to MEPs about the accession of Romania and Bulgaria to the Schengen area.
Integrated planning clearly allows for the Structural Funds to be used in a way that will further Europe's cohesion policy objectives.
Integrating optical fibre connections in satellite equipment and forming corresponding clusters would be a sensational undertaking, as would the establishment of the European Institute for Technology.
Intensive work on the package of six proposals is going on in the trialogue.
Interinstitutional agreement on a common Transparency Register (
International companies are the main players when it comes to applying social standards.
International cooperation aimed at promoting these countries' self-sufficiency and independence is the right path towards achieving social and political peace at international level, which will not only fundamentally affect the beneficiary populations, but will also lead to the resolution of Europe's immigration problems. I therefore support increased European funding for this cause, as well as the creation of a financial instrument focused exclusively on it.
International cooperation is also key to fighting cybercrime and that is why we are engaging with international partners on these issues.
International labour standards should, above all, ensure workers' rights, because work is a part of our daily lives and is critical for the dignity, welfare and development of a person.
Interpretation of the Rules of Procedure: see Minutes
Intervention during a child's early years is crucial to its future, improving health and family relations, and enabling it to get a better job in the future.
Introducing a true and meaningful 'own-resources' system for financing the EU budget is the only way to achieve this and we are happy that the EP has thrown its weight behind this long-standing Green priority.
Introducing this category will help regions which are still contending with many development challenges even though they have exceeded the EU average and, in the near future, this will include Polish regions.
Investing in education is the solution to the perennial problems of the EU, even in a time of belt-tightening. I would like to congratulate the European Parliament rapporteur for Youth on the Move, Mr Zver. I think his report is extremely good, particularly as it is the work of an entire committee sharing the common objective of benefiting young people.
Investing in the quality of education, right from the first years of life, represents not only an essential starting point for a child's cognitive, sensory and motor development, but is also a prerequisite for building an inclusive society that offers a wealth of opportunities for future generations.
Investment in education and culture helps Member States to compete globally, equipping our young people for the challenges of tomorrow, and encourages creativity, innovation and mutual understanding.
Investment in research and innovation - including new technologies such as eco-innovation, for example - is at the heart of this strategy, and new financial instruments are being planned with the aim of obtaining a substantial increase in private investment and establishing sustainable and long-term growth.
Investment in scientific research, vital infrastructure and the new green economy is crucial to long term growth and should never be cut back to meet short term EU targets.
Investment in transport, our energy networks and broadband expansion, particularly in our regions, will all boost jobs and growth.
Investments at EU level can achieve considerably greater savings at national level, especially in the areas where the EU unquestionably provides greater added value than national budgets.
Investor protection in Lithuania is an even greater problem; in this area, Lithuania ranks 93rd.
Investors, who are already bearing the costs of keeping up with competition from third countries in which environmental regulations are less rigorous than in Europe, are faced with a dilemma as to whether they should remain in Europe or relocate their companies.
Ireland and Portugal, however, ran their affairs in a disciplined way, and got into a crisis that was not of their own making.
Ireland will, in particular, need to stick to the powerful fiscal adjustment as well as ensure that its financial sector is on a stable footing for the future.
Ireland, and in particular Ireland South, has a thriving fishing industry and this Agreement will help to fight against IUU fishing as one of the most serious global threats to the sustainable exploitation of living aquatic resources.
Irish organisations have already availed of EUR 270 million from this programme, in the agricultural, food, fishing, health, energy, transport and ICT sectors.
Ironing out our differences will make an important contribution to both economies.
Irregularities in the involvement of small and medium-sized enterprises in satellite projects, deficiencies in recruitment and infringements of the principles of equal treatment, problems in the ITER undertaking over compliance with budgetary principles, audits and rules for providing grants; these are just some of the errors identified.
Irrespective of a potential cut in the interest rate and our so-called bail-out, this is unsustainable and the Irish State will default. I understand that German banks are exposed to Greece, Ireland, Portugal and Spain, the so-called 'PIGS', to the tune of EUR 400 billion.
Irrespective of how we view the problem, it is worthwhile pointing out that these damage limitation measures could never have taken place on this scale without the involvement of the European Union. I also find it very helpful to know that the Commission did not just provide immediate direct aid, but on behalf of Europe as a whole has also dealt intensively with the question of what conclusions are to be drawn from the disaster in terms of civil protection measures, information exchange systems, as well as research and related studies. I am not entirely convinced that it is absolutely necessary to come up with new studies.
Is South Sudan to be given a fair start? If so, the South Sudanese are surely, in fact, entitled to debt cancellation? The debts in question were run up by the regime in Khartoum, and no one can say that these debts served the people of the South well.
Is a joint review of stress tests now required? I am completely in agreement, and I have to say that some of the people that are now talking about these issues refused to endorse this Parliament's joint resolution on this subject, which was supported by the majority of the groups in the House.
Is caring about future human beings a European value - or not? Maybe not European, only Hungarian? Then Europe should look to Hungary with gratitude for reminding it of some fundamentals.
Is it about our farming practices, as Peter Liese just mentioned? Is it about intensive farming, hot-housing fruit and vegetables? Is it about overuse of antibiotics in livestock? Is it about manure spreading? Would more accurate food labelling have helped us to identify more quickly the source of the contamination? I note that the Council is not here today, but the Council is resisting proper country of origin labelling on our foods. I hope they will listen to this debate in the future.
Is it justified for South Sudan to argue that, no, they should not be counted, as they are not permanent residents? If that is the view you take, are you not then denying the herdsmen's right to exist? It is a Catch 22 situation for which no answer can just be plucked from the air.
Is it necessary to be backward-looking and keep on defending a lack of transparency rather than openness? It is, however, the duty also of the representatives of the Member States to provide information and transparency in their dealings with European citizens. I also have a wish for the future. I think that it is essential to move gradually towards an American-style system, which has 65 years' experience behind it, and which is based on the publication of key documents by lobbying groups (for example, of all contracts for more than USD 10 000).
Is it not right for consumers to know where the clothes they wear come from? The presence of origin marking would surely have provided a guarantee of product quality and protection.
Is it possible to abandon penalties, or is the penalty system a restrictive system? Fifteen years ago, when I was still a student, I learnt about the convergence criteria, and their mandatory nature.
Is that a reason to reinstall internal border control? No, of course not.
Is that the best we can expect in this area? Do we expect nothing more of Russia's democratisation? I believe that as Parliament, we must make it clear that we do expect something; for example, fair elections - there must be progress there.
Is the Commission considering proposals for a general restructuring of the EU budget, involving modifications to budgetary guidelines and appropriations, with a view to helping the Member States respond to the social impact of the crisis and support their endeavours to stimulate growth?
Is the Commission happy with the fact that, while in some countries the stress test will cover 85% of the banking sectors, in others it will cover barely more than 50%? Now, that is a rather remarkable statistic, and I am curious to hear your explanation of this point.
Is the Commission prepared to undertake and support long-term research, over a human lifespan, into the effects of the Chernobyl disaster for the health of Europeans in all areas which suffered from nuclear fallout? Does the European Commission have any data regarding environmental contamination in the areas most affected by the explosion? On the anniversary of the disaster, is the Commission going to encourage governments to commit publicly to providing new funding for the fight to mitigate the effects of this nuclear disaster?
Is the Commission taking any steps to try and increase that level of awareness, not just amongst consumers but amongst producers?
Is the Earl of Dartmouth aware that it was the Liberal Democrats, with support from the Conservatives in the Upper Chamber of the British Parliament, who managed to insert in the 2003 Extradition Act which implemented the European Arrest Warrant a power for a judge to refuse a surrender under a European Arrest Warrant if fundamental rights of that person would be breached. I am looking towards Mr Kirkhope, because his and my party cooperated on that.
Is the UK being correctly represented at the Commission?
Is the international community, including Europe, giving President al-Bashir, after occupying Abyei, a feeling of invulnerability once again? At this particular point in time, it is worth pointing out how weak a position al-Bashir is in domestically and that it is a more than opportune moment to apply international pressure to the regime. I hope, therefore, for European pressure on al-Bashir.
Is the result sufficiently ambitious? I believe it is. We are strengthening the Europe 2020 strategy, which is intended to equip the EU to face the challenges posed by competition from China and other rapidly emerging economies and bring about our switch to more renewable energy.
Is there nothing we can do about this over-allocation for a number of activities within the Union?
Is this the right signal to be sending out at a time when funding for other research projects, in particular for renewable energy, is being cut? We want to take seriously the claims made by the Commission and the European Union that they really intend to combat climate change and to move towards the use of renewable energy, but then we see that the funding for this project is given such a high priority and we believe that this is the wrong decision.
Israel's initial response to the reconciliation, withholding Palestinian Authority (P.A.) taxes, is illegal and potentially catastrophic for peace, putting at risk the state-building efforts of Prime Minister Salem Fayyad.
Issues relating to remuneration policies, and governance of the remuneration of directors and managers of financial institutions, must be governed by ethical and moral principles that do not allow situations such as those experienced in the recent past, with the awarding of management prizes in companies that immediately afterwards filed for bankruptcy or were found to be in serious difficulties.
Issues such as reducing corruption and consolidating the rule of law in Russia, in accordance with international rules, will help to cultivate stronger commercial and political ties and we anticipate developments in these sectors.
It accepts the 1967 borders and the Quartet's conditions, including the rejection of violence. A transitional government in charge of preparing for elections is due to be put in place.
It addresses the issues of the climate and the environment as constituting an element of all policy areas, the fight for democracy, peace and freedom at a global level, and the urgent need for research, innovation and infrastructure.
It adds that the Member States must ensure that their budgetary plan is founded on realistic macroeconomic and budgetary forecasts.
It advocates strengthening the European Urban Agenda, developing basic physical infrastructure and its contribution to the economic fabric, and energy and environmental sustainability through investment based on technological progress, but it puts people second.
It aims to set up an alert mechanism for possible future imbalances that may occur in a given Member State, so that they can be effectively remedied straight away.
It aims to simplify and improve the existing regulatory framework for the labelling of textile products, encourage innovation in the clothing and textile sector, and the development and uptake of new fibres. I agree that the right balance should be struck between a high level of consumer protection and the simplification of the regulatory framework for textile products.
It also acknowledges that negotiations for the accession of Turkey should be intensified and that there should be a continuous commitment to the accession process for the Balkan countries.
It also adds that such policies should have 'particular focus upon development and strengthening of the internal market': in other words, it wants more neoliberal policies, more privatisations, more free competition, and more policies that favour the strongest over the weakest.
It also advocates a safety net and promotes the association of small farmers.
It also allows Seychelles to build the means to develop a responsible fishing industry.
It also applies to another point that I have in mind; although you have not mentioned it, it is one of the reasons for, or one of the causes of, the crisis: the obscene pay and bonuses, which were even higher when more risks were taken, since those taking the risks knew that everyone else would pay for them.
It also calls for a strengthening of global governance at a time when global challenges require global solutions.
It also calls for the liberalisation of legal and accounting services, the opening up of the market in banks and insurance, and the relaxation of investment rules.
It also calls on the Court of Auditors to undertake a comprehensive analysis of the agencies' approach to the management of situations where there is a potential conflict of interests. I am very satisfied with the readiness of the Court to do so.
It also condemns the growing number of atypical contracts, a sign that work is increasingly becoming insecure. I give my vote to this initiative, while deploring the fact that this initiative will have no real impact.
It also costs our farmers a lot of money and dangerously undermines consumer confidence in our agricultural products and agri-food industry, which are still undoubtedly the safest and most strictly controlled in the world.
It also criticises any attempt to cut the funding of the DCI and the European Development Fund, and stresses once again that not enough progress has been made with the Millennium Development Goals (MDG) and that there is a need to increase Official Development Assistance (ODA).
It also demonstrates the need for reliable and consistent retrospective analysis work in this area, proposing a new approach to development aid based on greater differentiation, on the involvement of civil society, and on strict eligibility criteria.
It also depends on the non-EU states that are members of the various multilateral organisations.
It also emphasises - and this is something that I regard as a very important feature of EU-Japan cooperation - that attention should be paid to environmental protection during the trading process, and that measures to counteract climate change and uphold environmental and social standards should be promoted.
It also emphasises the importance, at local and regional level, of fostering effective cooperation between schools, training agencies, research centres and firms, in order to overcome the inward-looking nature of education systems and the mismatch between knowledge and skills and the needs of the labour market. I agree that in order to modernise training and education, we must strengthen the link between potential employers and schools, and therefore the inclusion of social partners in curriculum development would be another step towards greater employment in Europe.
It also expands the application of sanctions and payment of fines to Member States that do not meet any of the requirements imposed on them.
It also fully supports the establishment of a solid legal framework for the European Environmental Economic Accounts as a positive step in the 'GDP and beyond' process, and, indeed, welcomes the Commission initiative to present an index for environmental pressure, to be submitted alongside GDP.
It also gives young people from neighbouring countries the opportunity to take part and highlights the need to oppose discrimination in the workplace.
It also has some disadvantages, which are sometimes related to costs or dietary habits in local populations.
It also has the potential to boost Internet and distance sales businesses because shoppers will have greater confidence in services based in the EU. Providing this information will give consumers confidence and encourage them to engage in cross-border shopping, providing them with better choice and value.
It also highlights the need to provide stable employment, quality training and fair social protection to staff working in childcare.
It also makes relevant observations, such as that the majority of the EU's scientific work is still undertaken by researchers and technicians - mainly young people - in insecure jobs; the Portuguese case is paradigmatic.
It also mentions the problems many young people have in taking part in mobility programmes for financial reasons, the problem of high drop-out rates from school, and of unemployment and insecure jobs amongst young people.
It also negates the call for caps and ceilings to be put on aids because, if there are public goods attached to the direct payments across all the direct payments, then the bigger the farmer, the more public goods that farmer will deliver.
It also promotes engaging with the EU's strategic partners within the UN system and giving the strategic partnerships a multilateral dimension by including global issues on the agendas for the EU's bilateral and multilateral summits, as well as contributing to improving the efficiency and transparency of the UN and enhancing the management of the UN's financial resources.
It also proved possible to honour Parliament's explicit requests for further investigation into the use of language-independent symbols on clothing labels and into possible links between allergic reactions and chemical substances used in textiles.
It also provides for the requirement of prior declaration of goods to be abolished, on condition that the EU and Andorra guarantee an equivalent level of security as provided for in the relevant acquis in their respective territories.
It also provides wonderful opportunities for illegal immigrants, who know that no matter where they enter Europe, they will be able to settle wherever they like: France is particularly hard hit.
It also remains unclear how the interplay between the European Semester and the new economic governance infrastructure will function, and I also have concerns about the permanent European Stability Mechanism emerging as an intergovernmental tool.
It also reviewed current forest information systems in Europe.
It also seems the importance of strengthening anti-corruption mechanisms in the context of the European Union's commitments in the field of international public procurement should be stressed, as should the need to focus efforts on ensuring transparency and fairness in the use of public funds.
It also seems to me that, in the modern world, we no longer need to put 23 languages on a label, because modern technologies can provide improved solutions to this problem.
It also strengthens the free movement of persons within the Union, which we debated at great length recently in connection with the Schengen Agreement, by ensuring that opening the borders will not turn out to be for the benefit of those seeking to evade justice.
It also stresses the importance of keeping Parliament informed, so that it can monitor the process from the beginning, as this will give it the opportunity to express its concerns and priorities.
It also stresses the need for close cooperation between the EU and the UN in the area of civilian and military crisis management, particularly in humanitarian relief operations, and the need to thoroughly reform the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), by bringing to an end its dual function of both monitoring and promoting nuclear energy use, and to limit the IAEA's responsibilities to overseeing the nuclear energy industry and verifying compliance with the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, as well as other important issues, which I basically agree with and support.
It appears that some states - including the aforementioned India, Pakistan's long-time enemy - are willing to give their consent, not free of charge, of course, but in exchange for similar favourable conditions being granted by the European Union, which is inclined to welcome such requests.
It appears that this drug may have been responsible for the deaths of an estimated 500-2 000 people and caused severe heart damage in thousands of others.
It appears to me that we buy into the propaganda of whatever the flavour of the day happens to be. Currently in Germany, for example, they say they are having second thoughts about this whole CCCTB.
It appears to me, especially in view of our debate, that we all have different expectations of India and we want to include these expectations in the free trade agreement.
It assesses the financing instrument for development cooperation (DCI), but I note the importance of the mechanism that should succeed it this year. I agree with the rapporteur's criticisms of the fact that the scrutiny work carried out by Parliament was not acknowledged by the representatives of the Member States or the DCI Committee.
It believes this measure to be long overdue, and that budgetisation of the EDF should take place at the earliest possible date.
It brings together in one policy cycle the two arms of economic recovery: financial stability that is based on fiscal consolidation, reflected in stability and convergence programmes, and structural reforms for a smart, sustainable, socially-inclusive and job-creating growth.
It calls for a joint approach in conjunction with Greece to tackle migration from Arab countries.
It calls for an enhanced role for the EU in the UN system, taking into account the institutional changes brought by the Lisbon Treaty.
It calls for the common agricultural policy for 2014-2020 to be reviewed in order to meet the challenges of environmental sustainability, job creation and guaranteed high-quality, safe food.
It calls for the introduction of a degressive model of direct payments according to the size of an agricultural holding that are reserved exclusively for active farmers who use farmland for production and maintain it in a good agricultural and environmental condition. A step is thus being made towards halting the awarding of absurd subsidies to feudal landowners.
It calls for the introduction of a degressive model of direct payments according to the size of an agricultural holding, and for these to be reserved exclusively for active farmers who use farmland for production and maintain it in a good agricultural and environmental condition. A step is thus being made towards halting the awarding of absurd subsidies to feudal landowners.
It calls for the money of the workers of the Member States which finances the EU budget to be used to promote capitalist restructurings, to sweep away labour rights, to support the profitability of euro-unifying monopolies, to consolidate the mechanisms of the 'memoranda' and secure lenders in the debtor Member States and to support repressive mechanisms and imperialist interference by the EU.
It calls for the strengthening of the core labour standards embedded in the ILO conventions, including freedom of association and collective bargaining, elimination of forced and compulsory labour, elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and occupation, and the abolition of child labour. I voted in favour of this report because it also calls for a change in governance, globally and in the EU, in order to better implement workers' rights and working conditions.
It calls, in particular, for the alignment of the FP7 objectives with EU strategies on resource efficiency, raw materials and the Digital Agenda.
It can do so by working with the interim government which is to be formed in the next few days; by supporting early elections; and, most importantly, undertaking to fully respect the outcome of elections and working with the new administration that emerges from those elections.
It can help them now to achieve European multiculturalism once again.
It can, however, count on the members of the European Parliament's Committee on Development when it comes to making the necessary resources available to the delegations.
It cannot be. For a start, it has to be a case of applying resources to resettling refugees.
It comprises 28 key actions and concrete measures to increase the education and training of young people through mobility and ease their transition from education into the labour market.
It concerns instead a statement made in 2004, long before she was elected a Member of this House.
It concerns me when we place too much emphasis on our standards from day one in an almost imperialist way, as my colleague, Bill Newton Dunn, said earlier.
It constitutes one of the most serious attacks on their sovereignty, and this situation will be even worse for those in the euro area considered to have excessive deficits, which, in addition to continuous surveillance by the European Commission, could be subject to sanctions.
It contented itself with postponing the final vote.
It continues to advocate the subordination of agriculture to World Trade Organisation rules, so promoting intensive, export-focused models of production at the expense of local production and consumption that are socially and environmentally sustainable.
It contributed 2.6% of Community GDP and accounted for 3.1% of all jobs within the European Union, or 5.8 million people.
It corresponds to a need to strengthen coordination of the Member States in the fight against illegal immigration.
It could also represent a new source of funding for cleaner forms of transport such as rail and waterways. I therefore voted in favour of Saïd El Khadraoui's report.
It could be argued that many of these points concern future budgets rather than the 2009 budget, but I believe that, when we consider any budget and any discharge, we should also look to the future to ensure that we learn lessons from the past.
It could not possibly be, could it, that different messages are being sent to different audiences, one to MEPs, maybe one to Paris and Rome? The EU's migration and asylum pressures ought to be capable of effective management by competent governments.
It covers not only fishing vessels, but also vessels used for fishing related activities, such as transport vessels which may be used to carry fisheries products.
It defends an aggressive raw materials strategy and asks for, and I quote, 'a less rigid distinction between military and civilian crisis management operations'. This is disguised language for a further militarisation of foreign policy.
It demands an increase of 100% in the de minimis aid ceiling from EUR 30 000 to EUR 60 000, which is to be used to fund fuel subsidies.
It depends also on organising the most effective form of representation within the European Union, and by organisation I mean an arrangement involving yourself - the European External Action Service - the President of the Commission, the President of the European Council and the now residual participation of the rotating presidencies of the Union.
It did become less bureaucratic, and I think researchers and others dealing with these projects are aware of that, but there is much more to do. And I think that in some ways, we can put greater trust in the universities that have existed for centuries.
It discusses funding for Roma communities, a subject that my political party has always opposed, and the allocation of large amounts of funding for a new round of enlargement of the European Union in the direction of the Western Balkans, another point with which I do not agree.
It disturbs us that you have fought for this and lost and that you have still not been able to admit that you have lost.
It does not affect my colleagues in Ireland or ourselves at all because even though we are in the IMF - and we are broke as a country - we are well above the European average in GDP terms; so whether there is an intermediate category or not does not affect us.
It does not depend on how fast or how slowly a President announces in whatever language the numbers; the interpreters have the list in front of them.
It does not fairly distribute the burden of the pressure on the external borders, for example, by strengthening Frontex; it puts an even greater burden on the Member State.
It does not look good to Member States when the European Parliament (EP) 'urgently requests' the European Council to develop a 'European foreign policy strategy', or when it calls on the European Council 'to go about this task on the basis of political dialogue with the EP'. If there was a European foreign policy strategy already today, the equilibrium of the EU in that regard would be much better, for example, concerning the movements in the Arab world and the double or even triple standards applied towards the countries from this region.
It does not make any difference, no matter how we vote: we know that savings will be made. I would hope that here at long last, people understand that the public is really tired of savings being made that concern them but not savings that concern us. This cannot be explained away to the public and nothing will be improved by voting on it. Savings will be made and we have to make them.
It does not protect citizens who are entrepreneurs, sole traders, retailers, businesspeople and tradesmen or who own small or medium-sized businesses against this type of fraud.
It does not speak with one coherent voice, but with many voices.
It does not surprise me at all, and I do not think it surprised honourable Members either, that on the way to this, particularly at a time when so many things are happening, we find that it does not necessarily work as effectively as you would like, or indeed sometimes as I would like.
It does so fourthly and finally from an economic perspective, since a local/global approach allows for the economic development of traditional, high-quality, certified and high added value products, through the adoption of management models that turn businesses and their products into competitive cooperatives on a global scale. A fair CAP that promotes micro, small and medium-sized agricultural enterprises and high-quality, traditional and certified products, that supports environmentally friendly processes, that introduces aid ceilings and that sets aside sufficient resources for rural development is an ambitious and far-sighted policy that benefits citizens, consumers and agricultural operators. I believe that the adopted report offers this possibility.
It does so thirdly from a social perspective, since it represents a challenge to provide high-quality, innovative jobs for young people.
It does, however, also give rise to costs - infrastructure costs, but also other costs such as fine particulates in the air, noise, traffic jams and so on.
It draws attention to the excessive focus on investments to be made by the private sector, as well as the constraints imposed on the public sector, and warns of the need for funds not to be diverted from already underfinanced sectors, giving the example of support for local authorities.
It emerged during the crisis in Asia that regulation is a sensible precaution.
It emphasises that humanitarian action should continue to have its own independent financial instrument because emergency aid must be neutral and free of the political choices of the European External Action Service (EEAS). With these choices, the European Union remains the most important partner for developing countries in the world and that is vital.
It enables the European social model to be exported to acceding countries and provides help with developing education, vocational training and further education programmes and with creating secure jobs.
It endorses the European semester, the European stability mechanism and the Euro Plus Pact.
It envisages the use and development of global navigation satellite systems in all forms of transport.
It even charges Parliament to take, in cooperation with the Council, 'appropriate measures' if the governments of these States do not show sufficient desire to liberalise their economies.
It facilitates demands to freeze or to reduce EU spending.
It feeds more than 500 million people, farms and looks after more than 170 million hectares of arable land and pasture, it provides many jobs in areas upstream and downstream, is an important buttress of rural areas and is already the most sustainable agricultural sector in the world. I therefore cannot understand why President Barroso has spoken of huge cuts in the second pillar.
It focuses on the mobility of students, but its added value lies in the fact that it also anticipates education that corresponds to the needs of the labour market and provides the skills and knowledge needed.
It forcefully raises the question of own resources and therefore, indeed, the issue of whether our institution enjoys freedom in its fundamental political act, that of voting on its budget.
It forms part of an unprecedented attack on the rights of the national parliaments, which are constrained by the EU's neoliberal guidelines for their countries' budgets, the aim being to impose austerity measures on workers and people, privatisations and public investment cuts in essential sectors and services.
It gives a very poor impression of our institution. I would inform you that the amount allocated sometimes exceeds the amount actually spent.
It gives the impression that the euro is in crisis because certain Member States are incapable of running their affairs sensibly and have taken on too much debt.
It goes without saying that cohesion policy must remain an instrument for social balance and solidarity throughout all the regions.
It goes without saying that out of the nine recommendations of the Internal Audit Service (IAS), following an audit on financial management, four are still to be implemented by the Agency.
It goes without saying that the EU must respond to the crisis. I have a few thoughts on the stress tests which were carried out on the banks. A total of 91 major European banks were tested and 7 failed. I have one major criticism in this area, which is that the consequences of a country going bankrupt were not evaluated and this remains a possibility when we look at Greece, Ireland and Portugal.
It goes without saying that the constitution of every Member State should reflect and comply with the European values of freedom, democracy, equality, rule of law, human dignity and respect of human rights, including the rights of persons belonging to minorities, without discrimination, as laid down in Article 2 of the Treaty.
It goes without saying that to conclude an agreement with India at this juncture is not only of great economic value but also of major strategic importance.
It goes without saying that, the more we educate our young people across Europe, the more the future begins to look brighter in a challenging global environment.
It happens wherever people from different countries meet and bring together their various experiences: the examples of this in Europe are very numerous and it is good that we have so much to say about mobility.
It has achieved a balanced approach to the most pressing issues concerning the organisation and activities of the European External Action Service (EEAS) and to key issues for the common foreign and security policy (CFSP), such as promotion of the values of democracy, human rights and the rule of law, promotion of gender equality and energy security, the situation in Iran and in Afghanistan, the EU response to the democratic changes in the Southern Mediterranean region, and relations with major players such as Russia, China, Japan and India.
It has achieved a balanced approach to the most pressing issues of the organisation and activities of the European External Action Service and key issues of common foreign and security policy, such as the promotion of the values of democracy, human rights and the rule of law, promotion of gender equality, energy security, the situation in Iran and Afghanistan, the EU's response to the democratic changes in the Southern Mediterranean, and relations with major players, such as Russia, China, Japan and India.
It has already been explained that there is no conjunctural or structural problem, and - let us be clear on this point too - current figures show that 70% of European fish stocks are overfished, so any measure we can take to reduce this overfishing would be a good measure.
It has already been said that domestic work is mainly carried out by women, who are subjected to all kinds of discrimination.
It has also addressed solid and far-reaching suggestions for the EU in various areas on the international level, such as engaging with the EU's strategic partners within the UN system, ensuring the important role of the EEAS, enhancing peace, security and justice, and combating climate change. I believe that these are the issues that are critical on the global stage right now, and the EU has to involve itself and play a vital role in all these aspects.
It has also become clear, as we in the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance have been predicting for a long time, that the measures put in place to support Greece and Portugal will not take effect until the macro-economic conditions in the euro area improve.
It has also reserved the right to provide all of these citizens of surrounding states, who have no links to Hungary whatsoever, with Hungarian citizenship, the right to vote in Hungary, the right to social security or education under Hungarian regulations and universal Hungarian diplomatic protection.
It has also spoken on what due process of law means; these two fundamental human rights issues are at stake in the case of al-Nashiri.
It has always been updated with two main goals in mind: guaranteeing an income for European farmers and dealing with an ever-decreasing EU budget, while not forgetting a whole host of other objectives linked to quality of production, of the environment, of biodiversity and of water resources.
It has become an important mainstay of the European unification process.
It has become more and more an economic debate, an economic argument.
It has been a full Member of the European Union for decades, and it belongs to the Euro Group.
It has been a pleasure to work under the surveillance of Ms Jordan Cizelj and in cooperation with Ms Gomes, Ms Morkūnaitė-Mikulėnienand Ms Lepage.
It has been advocating a reasonable transition period; arguing that the necessary reduction in debt should not be made year on year but using a three-year average; advocating the need for budgetary discipline; arguing for the need for growth and increased transparency in European policy through debates in the European Parliament; and advocating the necessary solidarity.
It has been covered adequately and I do not need to go into detail about it now.
It has been evaded in many Member States, as has already been mentioned here, not just in Austria.
It has been hard work for the last few months, and for that reason I would like to personally thank Mrs Paulsen, the shadow rapporteurs and all the parliamentary groups for their invaluable contributions to establishing a common text on this issue.
It has been raised once again at a time when we are being asked to vote on the 2012 budget.
It has been specifically stated that the team can include experts from third countries.
It has come to take on the role of a comprehensive indicator for overall societal development and progress in general, but does not take into account or measure environmental sustainability or social integration.
It has forced us to cut food aid to Europe's poorest citizens to one-fifth of the original amount.
It has helped us open up national borders by sending a clear message to criminals that they may no longer flee to another country to avoid prosecution.
It has involved one year of work, 1 100 amendments and 120 commitments, with 11 parliamentary committees and 10 national parliaments having contributed to it. I would like to congratulate all the officials and assistants who have worked over the past year to make this report possible.
It has its own Parliament, its own currency, its own president, its own foreign minister, its own external borders, its own flag, anthem, passport and driving licence.
It has made progress, but it needs to go a bit further.
It has never been so vital to pay attention to the dichotomy between the environment and the economy. I voted in favour of this report because, besides making it possible to reach policy decisions that are more comprehensive and reasoned, it echoes the proverb 'we do not inherit the earth from our ancestors, we borrow it from our children'. It is vital that we bequeath a healthy environment to future generations.
It has not been possible to achieve this ambitious goal. I hope that the objectives of the Europe 2020 strategy will be met, in particular, the EU's commitment to invest 3% of gross domestic product (GDP) in research and development by 2020.
It has not ceased to try and underestimate the number of civilians present in the war zone while it has even deprived them of all humanitarian aid, including food, water and healthcare.
It has now become essential to reduce excessive administrative burdens, in particular, to encourage greater participation by SMEs in the Seventh Framework Programme.
It has refused to send us the relevant material, it has refused to answer our questions and it has refused to meet the Committee on Budgetary Control for an open debate, as all the other institutions do.
It has seen numerous conflicts since its independence from the United Kingdom in 1956.
It has subsequently emerged that this was a fake company created by the British newspaper The Sunday Times, whose behaviour is objectionable.
It has therefore closely followed all the measures approved by the FAO, playing an active and constructive role, not least in drawing up the agreement adopted at the 36th session of the FAO Conference held in Rome 18-23 November 2009. I agree with the position adopted by the rapporteur with regard to urging the European Commission, not only to conclude the present agreement, but also to continue to apply pressure to international agencies, particularly the FAO, with a view to the approval of the envisaged measures.
It has to be said that we are entitled to discuss this matter because Hungary is part of the European Union.
It has to be understood that in the current year - as a result of delay on investment projects, especially Nabucco and the other projects with Azerbaijan, and also of Azerbaijan relaxing after winning the Eurovision song contest - we have huge delays.
It has two instruments, two mandates in fact, for doing so. Firstly, it has a mandate from the Member States to implement the European Development Fund, which is in fact financed by the national budgets.
It identifies the actions which need to be taken to meet future skills requirements, promote them more effectively and include them more systematically in training programmes for both micro-enterprises and craft-type enterprises.
It in order to avoid a repetition of the crises currently inflicting the euro area it is vital that countries exercise fiscal discipline.
It includes concepts that are innovative, such as reversed qualified majority voting and the fining of Member States, and ensures that national budgets are no longer a matter merely for national parliaments.
It includes graduated public funding that reflects employment and environmental considerations, the fact that agriculture produces public goods and the concept of active farmers.
It incorporates the fundamentals of the antisocial measures implemented in other countries, like Greece and Ireland, as well as those included in the 'Euro Plus Pact' imposed by the European powers.
It increases the range of relevant information for decision making and provides knowledge of legitimate interests which are worthy of consideration.
It involves a common European Union investment policy in the context of international trade policy with all their concomitant effects on the situation in the EU and the Member States with regard to social, economic and employment policy, weighing up the interests of financial groups, big business and economic enterprises, on the one hand, and those of the trade unions and workers on the other.
It is 20 years since the Soviet Union collapsed, but for President Lukashenko of Belarus, it is as if nothing has changed at all.
It is a Council directive, not a co-legislative report, and the Council has debated this extensively.
It is a case of applying Article 207(1) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU), which provides for the exclusive competence of the EU in matters of foreign direct investment as part of the common commercial policy.
It is a challenge in any circumstances; it is a challenge in economic times, but I would argue it is a challenge we have to rise to because, if we do not, then the failure of the economies in our neighbourhood will have a direct impact on us.
It is a complex process which should involve professionals from all areas, in order to obtain a broader and more complete indicator.
It is a compromise based on the 'polluter pays' principle, in other words, the principle of making it possible to charge for certain external costs of transport, in the form of pollution, noise and traffic congestion, for example.
It is a compromise resolution and obviously it contains elements that many of us wish were not in it, and indeed it excludes elements that many of us wish were in it. But the agreement among the six political groups was that there would be no amendments - oral, written or in any other form - and therefore I think it is a breach of the understanding, and makes a nonsense of the negotiations, if we now have an amendment put forward in this way.
It is a conflict between the countries which have heavy transit traffic, which, of course, want more flexibility to address problems with their infrastructure, and clearly want to share the burden for the use of infrastructure between taxpayers and all users - I stress all users: there cannot be any discrimination.
It is a country where there is no separation of powers, the media are controlled by the government, human rights are violated and there are abuses by the current Malagasy security forces against the people of Madagascar and it is they who have directly suffered from the political consequences.
It is a crisis, and we all know it is a crisis.
It is a dirty lie that the basic feature of the report is the alleged demand by the European Parliament for spending under the EU budget to be increased by 5% after 2013.
It is a fact that in years gone by we have weakened the Stability and Growth Pact.
It is a fact that there is diversity between the education systems in the EU Member States and, as a result, the research and exchanges of best practices which this particular report advocates will, in my opinion, bring about important results in terms of improving a child's early years learning in the EU. In fact, due to the child-oriented approach of universal rather than targeted services, the involvement of parents and the improved integration of services, I voted in favour of Mrs Honeyball's report on early learning in Europe.
It is a fact that, in Europe, we have too little funding for higher education.
It is a fairly technical amendment, but it is still significant. I propose that the future tense be replaced by the perfect tense for points i), ii) and iii). Indeed, the measures referred to in these passages were implemented a long time ago - over two years ago.
It is a genuine European perspective on the future of the European project.
It is a good model, too, because of the different things he did.
It is a great encouragement to see how the current Indian Government is now facing up to issues of corruption, even to the extent of detaining the Commonwealth Games Chief, and addressing those non-tariff barriers.
It is a guarantee of support for the least-developed regions and disadvantaged groups, leading to balanced social and territorial development in the Union, and a course of action that has great significance for the 27 Member States, which are required to lay down strategic territorial development guidelines through the increasingly active involvement of the social partners.
It is a habitat vital to the conservation of numerous rare or endemic species of flora and fauna, as a nesting place for birds endangered at global level, and as a repository for valuable heritage in terms of archaeology and tradition.
It is a human right and each person and nation has a right to enjoy it. Culture is also linked to human wellbeing and coping generally.
It is a kind of invisible form of employment, which is not carried out in factories, shops or offices, but in the homes of private individuals.
It is a long-term objective of territorial balance that we are pursuing with these objectives of intermediate regions, to prevent too big a gap between developed regions that are completely saturated and regions that are remote, lagging behind and even threatened with depopulation in tomorrow's Europe.
It is a matter of doing this as quickly as possible.
It is a new idea which is open to discussion.
It is a pity that countries like China and Russia opposed discussion of the issue in the United Nations Security Council and the UN Secretary-General taking more robust action to investigate the crimes committed.
It is a pity that there is a lack of information about the specific effects of spending this money, because in fact it is research evaluating the way in which the whole region has used a variety of programmes, and not evaluation of individual programmes, which should suggest the way forward for cohesion policy in future years.
It is a pity, then, that several Member States should have gone to great lengths, since 2008, to strip the proposal for a new Eurovignette directive of its content and to block this dossier.
It is a policy that will deal with the challenges of food security; it is a policy that will deliver public goods, protect the environment and enhance biodiversity; and it is a vehicle for tackling climate change.
It is a proven tool and, according to the Decision, the cornerstone of cooperation and the first concrete example of the principal of mutual recognition in the sphere of criminal law.
It is a question, then, of improving the efficiency and transparency of the United Nations and enhancing the management of its financial resources. I am certain that reforming the working methods and composition of the United Nations Security Council is necessary in the medium term.
It is a real and serious problem. I rue the day when we might be ruled by the extreme right or the extreme left.
It is a report based on the new institutional framework created by the Treaty of Lisbon, according to which the European Union must speak with a single voice and, based on its restructuring, present common foreign and security policy in a more transparent way.
It is a report that we should all welcome because it affects the day-to-day lives of all members of the public, but, in the constructive spirit characteristic of me, I should like to point out a few things.
It is a report which shows clearly that the creative industry is responsible for 5 million jobs in the EU and for generating almost 3% of the EU's GDP.
It is a shame that it does not condemn the fact that the European Commission alone has the power to initiate legislation.
It is a sheer waste of time to expand upon proposals for own resources and European taxes.
It is a state that will have to cope with huge geographical and infrastructural limitations, without an outlet to the sea and with a practically non-existent transport network connecting it to northern Sudan, where the oil treatment and transit plant is located.
It is a statistical indicator with many shortcomings, since it takes into account only economic activity, leaving aside other important factors like wealth distribution, social inequalities, the quality of goods and services, non-commercial transactions or even outcomes not recorded by the market.
It is a strange situation that those countries with large debts to the EU can continue to have money paid out to them and that it can take such an incredibly long time before the money comes back.
It is a strategy which should help Europe to recover from the crisis and emerge invigorated, through the creation of jobs and smart, sustainable and inclusive growth. I agree with the rapporteur when he says that 'the Europe 2020 strategy should be the policy reference of the next [Multiannual Financial Framework] and that it should reflect the ambitions of the strategy'. The priorities for the next MFF should be grouped around the following issues: knowledge for growth and jobs, management of natural resources and sustainable development, cohesion for growth and jobs, citizenship, and Global Europe.
It is a tax that penalises speculators and would force all those who have profited by gambling with our money to pay up. It is a tax that would increase transparency and reduce financial speculation and, above all, a tax that would not affect citizens, because it would force those directly responsible for the crisis to pay for their excesses.
It is a technical, but necessary, parameter if we are to create a clear trend towards greater productivity, cohesion, competitiveness and access to a single market for European industry as a whole, and that is why I voted for this particular report.
It is a very positive development that the adoption of this directive will end the situation in Estonia in which vehicles from other countries do not pay the tax in Estonia, but our vehicles pay in other countries.
It is a very simple idea to pool and share, but it is very powerful.
It is a vital habitat for the conservation of numerous rare and/or endemic fauna and flora species, as a nesting place of globally threatened birds, and as a depositary of significant archaeological and traditional heritage.
It is a vital habitat for the conservation of numerous rare fauna and flora species, as a nesting place of globally threatened birds, and as a depositary of significant archaeological and traditional heritage.
It is a well-written and crucially important report, which discusses aspects of the common foreign and security policy in detail. I am particularly glad to see that the report includes the amendment I tabled regarding Georgia.
It is about having a trained workforce, which is something that we know we need.
It is about providing the transparency needed to know how Member States manage themselves, so that we may send them warning signals in time. I welcome the fact that the European Parliament followed this practice with close attention; in this European semester we encourage the Member States to maintain stricter budgetary management, and, at the same time, we lay down the basis for the practice of seeking growth in hard work and creativity.
It is about taking the very basic blue-sky research that we do so well in the European Union, and translating it all the way to the marketplace so that we provide the jobs here, and they are not provided abroad.
It is about time that the message sank in that feeble political will is not the answer to this crisis and makes solutions more expensive.
It is absolutely clear that there is currently a majority of transport ministers in the Council to whom environmental interests are of no concern.
It is absolutely crucial for the European Commission to make adjustments for the current situation and realities of life in the country in question when negotiating partnership agreements.
It is absolutely necessary and urgent that the domestic disputes are put aside and cross-party support achieved for the recovery of Greece.
It is acceptable to relocate or avoid the production of steel, aluminium and copper wherever it is possible to do so. However, the quantity of steel, aluminium and copper needed in Europe and in the rest of the world should, if possible, be manufactured in Europe, in competition with other locations.
It is actively harmful, because what we are ensuring is that when the default comes, it will be much bigger and the hit will be taken by all of us as taxpayers rather than by just a small number of bankers and bondholders.
It is agreed that early years learning lays the foundation for successful lifelong learning.
It is all the more sad for the fact that children from disadvantaged families should benefit the most from the opportunity to use these services.
It is alleged that Mr Perisic is not medically qualified, is not registered with the General Medical Council, and that he uses his spurious medical credentials to defraud vulnerable people.
It is also a fact that the extent of problems that can be associated with road transport, such as air and noise pollution, as well as traffic congestion, are becoming ever more severe.
It is also a pleasure for me to announce that the Council is close to reaching an agreement on the Commission's aims to reduce the costs of establishing a business.
It is also a positive thing that a supplemental rate can be charged in mountainous areas. I do find it particularly questionable, however, that we are planning to proceed in this area according to the principle of voluntary action, in other words, such that, as before, States that do not wish to be involved in this Eurovignette simply do not have to implement it. That will not only lead to discrimination within Europe but it is also extremely questionable with regard to the impact on the people.
It is also a question of fairness for the people, both in the European Union and also in India.
It is also a ski resort, in the Castanesa valley, and the Spanish state is going to do the same.
It is also an excellent opportunity for the Presidency to learn Parliament's opinion on this important issue.
It is also at this age that the foundations for children's future educational and professional careers are laid, as well as for the development of their social skills.
It is also clear that EGNOS and GNSS generally can make an important contribution to safety and environmental protection.
It is also clear that the EGNOS and GNSS systems can, in general, make an important contribution to road safety and environmental objectives, and to freer road traffic flow, due to their availability for use in road tolling.
It is also clear to me that, on the issue of cloning in all its facets, we need to find an agreement that can be implemented and one that is justified and proportionate.
It is also crucial to assess the conflicts of interest in this business model.
It is also desirable that the EMSA set out, in a table to be annexed to the Court of Auditors' next report, a comparison of operations carried out during the year for which discharge is to be granted and in the previous financial year, so as to enable the discharge authority to assess more effectively the EMSA's performance from one year to the next.
It is also entirely appropriate to move across gradually to a system of own resources for the EU, thereby replacing the current system of Member State contributions, as this leads to comparisons of the balance between the EU and Member States, causing the general public to draw the wrong conclusions over the meaning of EU membership, which is an entirely mistaken conclusion given the current interconnectedness of economies and policies.
It is also essential in increasing competitiveness as the EU overcomes the economic crisis.
It is also essential to create proper support mechanisms for small and medium-sized enterprises.
It is also essential to provide Natura 2000 with the financial means for its management and the effective pursuit of its objectives, bearing in mind that many forest areas are covered by it. It is also essential to recognise the diversity of forest ecosystems in Europe and the multifunctionality of many of them, such as, for example, the Mediterranean's montado agro-forestry pastures.
It is also essential to recognise the diversity of forest ecosystems in Europe and the multifunctionality of many of them, such as, for example, the Mediterranean's montado agro-forestry pastures.
It is also good that we are in agreement that Articles 5 and 6 should be retained.
It is also important for Germany that the European Union continues to develop in a harmonious way, because this brings benefits for Germany.
It is also important for education and training programmes to be more closely linked to business needs and to stimulate young people's potential and creativity so as to make them more competitive on the labour market. I support the efforts to encourage youth mobility, both during their education and in connection with their professional life. I think that this is an important condition for developing new skills and their self-awareness of their European identity.
It is also important that in order to develop the linguistic competence of deaf children, they must first learn their mother tongue (sign language), which will allow them to become truly multilingual in the future.
It is also important that the Member States start reforming their systems, and gear vocational education and training towards the true needs of the labour market.
It is also important to assess cause and effect relations, if any, between allergic reactions and synthetic fibres and colourants used in textile products.
It is also important to consider internal imbalances, including private and public debt, its evolution and origin (domestic or international) and late payments of the country, especially from the public sector and big multinationals to small and medium-sized enterprises.
It is also important to help businesses combat the scam by improving access to information and awareness raising by improving redress mechanisms. I wish to ask the Commissioner: what are the major obstacles for stronger involvement of state authorities in cross-border enforcement cooperation, and what measures does the Commission envisage in the fight against rogue directory companies?
It is also important to highlight the Single Market Act which, among other initiatives, aims at promoting the recognition of qualifications and diplomas, thus making the European labour market more transparent and more efficient, highlighting and raising more opportunities than in the past.
It is also important to note that the European Parliament proposes to introduce a new structure for the financial framework under a single 'Europe 2020' heading and asks for a 5, or 5+5 year-long framework as of 2021.
It is also important to stress that many actions are supported by the financial instruments of the EU, especially in this context, the European Social Fund, but I should also mention the new Microfinance Facility that provides programmes and, in the latter case, entrepreneurship and self-employment opportunities, and I think these dimensions have to be reflected in the forthcoming MFF proposal as well. I trust that the Parliament will be supportive in this area within the MFF.
It is also important to undertake research into new antimicrobials, as well as into other alternatives, and we would stress the importance of developing effective systems for animal husbandry which reduce the need for antimicrobials to be prescribed.
It is also likely that EU contract law will favour EU social and employment policy, such as the Working Time Directive, which has both proven highly unpopular and caused disruption in the UK for a range of essential industries and services.
It is also necessary that Mauritania ratify the relevant international fisheries instruments.
It is also necessary to modernise education systems and adapt them to the needs of the times.
It is also necessary to point out the legal and administrative obstacles (legal subjectivity, funding rules and sometimes also intellectual property) which may dissuade many key research players and SMEs from participating.
It is also necessary to raise the question of violations of human rights and fundamental freedoms in Russia, which is, after all, a member State of the Council of Europe.
It is also part of the European Union's crusade against national independence and sovereignty.
It is also quite common that some citizens cut down trees without a permit, because the cost of heating fuel makes it worthwhile. I must appeal to the authorities who fail to penalise this and even fail to address it, because cutting down forests has become common practice in the Czech Republic. I welcome the report.
It is also right for us to draw out unused EU funds, Mr Barroso, and make them available to Greece, because ultimately it will not only be Greece but the whole of Europe that will benefit from more growth.
It is also the case that, hitherto, lip service alone has been paid to moving freight traffic from road to rail.
It is also true that the Member States bear a great deal of responsibility for this inability to come up with a coherent, effective and visible policy on this matter, while our US friends relied heavily on Europe to act.
It is also true that this is more of a horizontal issue for the Commission, and there are in other EU initiatives very relevant proposals including, for example, the country-specific recommendations which we just published today, very important references to the need to reform education policies and improve the performance of education and training systems in various Member States in order to better connect the substance of education and training with the needs of the labour market.
It is also up to us, however, to convince people about this, not only here in Brussels, but also our governments at home, if we want to achieve these goals. I would like to end by thanking Toine Manders once again, as well as the Commissioner and everyone else, for today's result.
It is also very important for research and development policies to be territorialised so that research is distributed harmoniously in relation to all universities.
It is also very important to consider what Mrs Honeyball says in her report on early childhood education and care (ECEC). I would prefer to speak of early education and care rather than early years learning, as a person's growth process is important.
It is also vital for governments to be able to undertake stimulus spending, as the Labour government did in 2008/2009, to prevent this crisis from turning into a global depression.
It is also vital that the development aid that is organised for South Sudan is coordinated with and complementary to humanitarian aid.
It is also vital that, when exercising its supervisory powers, the ESMA gives the persons subject to proceedings the opportunity of a hearing in order to respect their right to defence. I also agree with the call for the Commission to carry out a detailed impact study on costs, benefits and the potential governance structure of a totally independent European Credit Rating Foundation, which would be competent in the three areas of ratings.
It is also vital to avoid doing too much at once - in this respect, I obviously share Mr Audy's desire to set clearly defined priorities for the Europe of research.
It is also worth encouraging the individual governments to increase the sums allocated from the budget each year to research, and also to set a minimum percentage of the budget which must be used for projects of this kind. A further key issue is the funding of innovation in the SME sector, upon which we should place much more emphasis.
It is also worth highlighting the fact that the rapid economic growth of developing countries (BRIC), the economic slow-down resulting from the global financial crisis, and the pressing need to gain access to raw materials and renewable sources of energy, are absolutely key challenges which are common to both parties, making negotiations an even more urgent necessity.
It is also worth mentioning informal training, which represents an underestimated additional source of skills, and which shapes the character and sense of responsibility of the individual, which is why it should be funded by the EU. In order to accomplish these many important goals, cooperation between Member States is vital, as is the involvement of all entities, including those at local and regional level.
It is also worth paying attention to the synergy of actions taken at European, national and regional level, with the additional introduction of common administrative and financial regulations, and a compulsory harmonisation of rules and conditions governing participation in various programmes, creating a common and transparent system. I hope that the conclusions drawn during the evaluation process for the Seventh Framework Programme will form the basis for further work on the next one, the Eighth.
It is also, of course, partly because of the anticipated impact of the South Korean free trade agreement on Japanese exports, but I think that, in addition, it reflects recognition of Japan's limited experience with opening up.
It is always argued that the objective is growth and employment, but, as they have forgotten policies of solidarity, and of economic and social cohesion, committing only to monetarist and neoliberal policies in the interests of guaranteeing greater profits for large companies and financial institutions, what we will have is more social inequality, more unemployment and more poverty, as the cases of Greece, Ireland and Portugal have already shown.
It is always controversial to consider one's own spending, and our budget certainly receives a lot of attention, which is perhaps understandable in times of economic and financial difficulties.
It is an absolute disgrace, and there was not even a debate in our national parliament on actually rescuing these bust banks.
It is an area that is already subject to fairly demanding standards, to which the European Parliament has also been dedicating attention, and on which many positive initiatives are being realised, such as the network for collecting data on antibiotic resistance.
It is an element which deepens political intervention, contributes to the arms race, including nuclear weapons, and promotes vast profits for the EU's industrial-military complex.
It is an exercise in hypocrisy, which uses the natural disaster that has devastated Pakistan to satisfy the aspirations of a few big companies in the EU's powers, which will damage the EU textile industry, and the countries and regions most dependent on it. It is a serious blow for a sector that has been hit hard by the liberalisation of world trade; that is concentrated in regions with high levels of unemployment and poverty, and little economic diversification, such as several regions in northern and central Portugal.
It is an extremely valuable means of informal learning that favours cultural exchange and gives young people the tools they need to develop within a global professional environment.
It is an illusion to think that there were any real alternatives to the economic reform programme.
It is an important contribution to the second round of discussions on the new international standards which will probably be adopted in a few weeks' time at the 100th session of the International Labour conference.
It is an initiative that other regions and countries should follow. I understand that the Commission, of course, supports and welcomes initiatives of this type.
It is an obvious improvement that products must henceforth be clearly marked if they contain matter of animal origin, for reasons of public health, since fur, for example, is a health risk for many people who suffer from allergies.
It is an urgent directive, because it affects a period which began on 1 January 2011, and it is very important because of the positive impact it is expected to have on the industry concerned.
It is another step in the right direction because openness and transparency are at the heart of the democratic decision-making process and we should be made aware of all of those who influence and sometimes have an undue influence on policy, procedures and outcomes.
It is appropriate that Canada was seen as a priority for an Air Safety Agreement to complement the Air Transport Agreement as Europe and Canada each have aircraft, engine and avionics manufacturers that are world leaders.
It is as if the EU has hijacked the IMF, that it is now there as part of the support mechanism for the euro, so that it is not just the taxpayers of the eurozone and the non-eurozone EU members, but the whole world that now has to help prop up the euro as the Greek problem compounds by the day.
It is assumed that many other toxic waste transporters have been sunk just off the coast in the Tyrrhenian Sea.
It is basically up to the United Nations Security Council to decide on the situation.
It is because politicians consistently spend more money than they raise in taxation - more money than they can possibly raise in taxation -, most of which, in point of fact, they actually waste.
It is being promoted by extremist elements in the Tamil diaspora, the same people who have helped sustain the LTTE terrorist campaign over many years through political activity, and often from the proceeds of crime.
It is better to have a 20% reduction in emissions and to retain the jobs, the added value and the tax revenues than to lose the jobs, to have a clear conscience in Europe and to have 100% emissions in America and Asia with the jobs and the tax revenues going to these areas.
It is beyond the competence of the EU to dictate educational reforms to Member States, and we must ensure that this is respected.
It is both mandatory and normal practice in Germany for a legal entity to register its address in an online directory when it is founded.
It is carried out during the programming period in order to provide an overview of the Member States' progress in delivering on the EU's goals, and a useful basis from which to improve performance.
It is certainly clear that, in the future, the need to consolidate budgets will force us to seek a bigger impact from the funding available. I believe that this difficult moment in history, which the whole of Europe is experiencing, does, nevertheless, present an opportunity to use the negotiations on the next Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF) to achieve greater synergies from the EU programmes and funds.
It is certainly not restrictions and bans that will help strengthen the Schengen area and establish stability in it.
It is certainly very challenging, but it has been done before and it is doable also for Greece if there is the political will and unity in the country.
It is clear from the report of Salvador Garriga Polledo that adequate funding will have to be secured for EU policies if the Union still wants to focus on achieving the ambitious objectives of the Europe 2020 strategy.
It is clear not only from these conventions but also from the report of the World Commission on the Social Dimension of Globalisation that it is necessary to change the narrow focus on markets into a wider interest in people, i.e. focus on the protection of workers' rights and the rule of labour law.
It is clear that Russia and the European Union have substantial mutual interests in this global order, and in defining these interests, we must ensure that Russia recognises that democracy and the rule of law are also crucial for internal development. A degree of conditionality is called for not just in relations with us alone; a country in which there is no rule of law is also not a good place to invest, because there is no legal certainty. A country without democracy and the rule of law cannot really make progress in the long term for the benefit of its own citizens.
It is clear that both countries are to be congratulated on the efforts they have made towards meeting all the requirements of Schengen.
It is clear that dividing the competences of the committees creates some areas of overlap between which it is difficult to distinguish, so I believe that this clarification is a positive step and that the proposed new wording will enable greater consistency in using Rule 51 of the Rules of Procedure.
It is clear that the 2006 directive has been implemented by the Member States.
It is clear that the ongoing stress test must be carried out in a stringent and transparent way that inspires confidence.
It is clear that the prosecution is a vexatious one, by a private organisation, designed to deprive Mr. Gollnisch of his elected position and his good name.
It is clear that there is a need for action in these areas, and without resources, we will not be able to meet these challenges.
It is clear that we must also analyse the interim stages on the timeline between 2020 and 2050 and define additional interim targets.
It is clear to me that such a radical change is impossible.
It is clear today that you are not taking this absolutely crucial governance issue into account in the way in which you promote, or otherwise, a given candidate.
It is clear, as Mr Leinen said a little while ago, that at that moment, a solution will primarily present itself at a European level.
It is clear, however, that the number of applications to register under the protected geographical indication (PGI), protected designation of origin (PDO) and traditional specialities guaranteed (TSG) quality food schemes varies considerably from one Member State to another.
It is common knowledge that this is an area of the globe which has been continually rocked by conflicts, jeopardising the possibility of large sections of the population enjoying decent living conditions.
It is completely incomprehensible that citizens are having to tighten their belts to pay for the rescue package for the banks, while the very same managers at the banks who were calling desperately for help are now paying themselves bonuses amounting to millions of euro.
It is completely unacceptable that there is no control over cloning techniques or over the food resulting from these techniques, which could be intended for human consumption.
It is completely understandable that our citizens should lose their personal orientation against the background of the impact of the structural crisis and the ever-increasing demands of globalisation, inevitably leading them to question the European project as a whole.
It is crucial for European satellite radio navigation programmes to be adapted to multi-modal services and applied throughout Europe, not only in certain countries, because the effective implementation of the programmes mentioned would improve freight transport efficiency and help to address many transport safety and environmental issues.
It is crucial for the European telecom industry to regain global leadership, but also in order to take the lead in the development of information technologies as such and in the emergence of new services and applications.
It is crucial that the Member States take responsibility for the proper use of EU funds, and develop serious and transparent control and simplification policies.
It is crucial that we work together to guarantee the highest possible safety standards.
It is crucial to introduce a decision-making system which is effective and improves cooperation, and also to introduce measures to support training for individuals and organisations which will help the regions to develop.
It is crucial to strengthen the urban dimension of cohesion policy and to promote sustainable urban development, particularly by strengthening and developing instruments to implement the Leipzig Charter at all levels.
It is crucial, in addition to expressing our solidarity with the victims and condemning the violence, and given the concerns regarding the judiciary's lack of independence, to promote a serious, impartial, transparent investigation to be undertaken by an independent body so that the people responsible on both sides of the conflict can be identified and punished.
It is crucial, in fact, to continue along this path in order to furnish the European Union with the tools to compete with and face its main trade partners, such as the United States, Canada, China and Japan, on the globalised market.
It is crucially important to ensure the effectiveness of these and other European funds, in order to ensure their continued support from the European people.
It is definitely time for Parliament to reconsider its initial position and to make a move towards the Council.
It is desirable to take into account the technical requirements adopted by the UN Economic Commission for Europe (UN/ECE) in its corresponding regulations annexed to the Agreement of the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe concerning the adoption of uniform technical prescriptions for wheeled vehicles, equipment and parts which can be fitted and/or be used on wheeled vehicles and the conditions for reciprocal recognition of approvals granted on the basis of these prescriptions.
It is difficult for individual Member States with individual constituencies to necessarily always be able to look at this through the lens of what is best for Europe in the world, and not what is best for the domestic situation. I understand that too.
It is difficult to make an impromptu estimate of the added value to the consumer that such a requirement might bring, especially as, in the global world, products are rarely manufactured or originate in just one country.
It is disappointing that the Council has not signed up. As co-legislator, the Member States should come together and sign up to the register so that we can deliver a truly transparent legislative process.
It is dominated by monetarist and neoliberal policies in the interest of guaranteeing greater profits for large companies and financial institutions.
It is doubtful whether the EU can reconcile these matters of public interest and these characteristics as well and as efficiently as its Member States.
It is doubtful whether, as it is so eloquently put in the report, an 'energetic, growing cultural sector' represents an 'important driver of economic and social innovation'. Rather, a trend can be perceived whereby migration and migrants are being increasingly placed at the heart of support for culture while native culture and tradition are pushed to one side.
It is down to the EU to preserve its image by strengthening its commitment to ITER and demanding that its partners do the same.
It is easy for all of us to sit in judgment with hindsight and to make statements, rather than being in the eye of the storm when a crisis is happening.
It is easy to go around shouting about how dreadful everything is and focusing solely on the question of the exit from nuclear power, in other words, all or nothing.
It is entirely fair for the EU to have more effective representation in international organisations and for this representation to be valued, inasmuch as the EU is the organisation that contributes the most to development aid.
It is entitled 'A secure Europe in a better world' and was adopted by the European Council on 12 December 2003.
It is equally clear that the stress test must be followed up with appropriate initiatives to address the weaknesses that are identified. A common European strategy for this would be very valuable. I expect the Commission shortly to take such an initiative on the basis of the guidelines proposed by Parliament in Mrs Ferreira's report on crisis management in the banking sector.
It is equally clear that there is a majority in the Council who do not care about those who live and work along roadways and that there is a majority in the Council who support consumers purchasing any old junk, that has been transported far and wide, rather than high quality regional products.
It is equally important for the enhanced surveillance framework to be established in the context of the European Semester of policy coordination.
It is especially important that they can take part in the implementation of the Green Economy programme and obtain digital skills.
It is especially serious that it does not tackle, as an absolute priority, the response to the serious social problems created by the economic and social crisis, with a significant increase in the EU budget for supporting economic and social cohesion, accompanied by a cut in compulsory national contributions, reducing them to a maximum of 10% of the project submitted.
It is essential and important, ladies and gentlemen, to disseminate practices and know-how and enhance learning through ad hoc vocational training programmes dedicated to the cultural and creative sector. I think we need to ensure multi-disciplinary teaching programmes and insist on cooperation and partnership not only between educational institutions, students and professionals in the cultural and creative sector, but also between businesses of all sizes, between the public and the private sector, and between craftspeople and financial institutions.
It is essential for the EU to play a leading role in this context, developing definite policies that can protect the Internet against forms of censure typical of repressive regimes.
It is essential for us to be able to meet and work with Croatian experts in the field in order to fight this sad problem, which is why I am in favour of the proposal.
It is essential that foreign aid and foreign policy remain the remit of individual Member States and is not dictated at EU level, even if the recipient is in need and appropriate.
It is essential that the Member States adopt political strategies aimed at combating this problem that are based on the objectives set by the Europe 2020 strategy of reducing school drop-out rates to below 10% per year, and of enabling at least 40% of young people to complete higher education.
It is essential that we do not make the same mistakes again.
It is essential to achieve growth and jobs and to prevent the debt burden being placed on our children and future generations.
It is essential to bear in mind that the fisheries sector is extremely important to the Mauritanian economy, and that this is one of the poorest countries in Africa, which is financially dependent on foreign aid and subject to severe political instability. I voted for the motion for a resolution tabled today by the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) because of all these factors, which require the special attention given to them in this legislative text.
It is essential to defend our labour standards, which are embedded in the eight International Labour Organisation (ILO) conventions that focus on the freedom of association and collective bargaining, the elimination of forced and compulsory labour, the elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and occupation, and the abolition of child labour.
It is essential to encourage maximum involvement from all of the actors involved, including small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), industry, universities and governments.
It is essential to give young Europeans the tools necessary for them to be able to compete in a globalised world and for them to be able to enter the labour market using their knowledge and skills.
It is essential to guarantee a high level of protection for consumers in the 27 Member States and at the same time take into due account the need for manufacturers, regardless of their size, to provide their goods and services to European consumers without having to deal with unnecessary legal barriers.
It is essential to introduce sensible rules that will make it possible to release further spectrum bands in the future. I also consider it appropriate to deal with further thorny questions, including, above all, the costs for releasing bands.
It is essential to overcome practical barriers and obstacles to mobility, and additional mechanisms should be put in place to ensure that people with disabilities are provided with the same opportunities as anyone else.
It is essential to strengthen employment standards, such as freedom of association, collective bargaining, the elimination of forced and compulsory labour, discrimination in employment and occupations and the abolition of child labour.
It is essential to strengthen the section for the prevention of religious intolerance of the Subcommittee on Political Affairs of the European External Action Service, with particular regard to persecuted Christians
It is essential to use international labour standards to ensure economic development remains very focused on improving human life and personal dignity, and not on determining conditions and rights of workers.
It is estimated by the Irish Exporters Association that a truck travelling from Ireland to mainland Europe via Holyhead and Dover will incur a road use charge of EUR 120 and an external cost of EUR 30. Therefore, a roundtrip will incur a fee of EUR 300 as a result of this legislation.
It is estimated that 3.7 million jobs can be created by 2020, and that annual gross domestic product (GDP) can be increased by around EUR 800 billion by 2025.
It is estimated that by 2020, the proportion of jobs requiring a high qualification will rise from 29% to 35%.
It is estimated that, by 2050, we will need a 70% increase in global agricultural production. I would argue that the new CAP should aid this and keep that production within Europe.
It is even more difficult when the debtor is domiciled in another Member State.
It is evident that if there is no mutual respect and the parties do not share each other's views, then these parties will not be able to work well together in the area of trade.
It is exactly the events of recent months that prove that Europe's most important acquis requires protection and support. I would also like to emphasise that under no circumstances should we bundle two matters here, that is, link the Schengen accession of the two Member States to the matter of the supervision of the Schengen verification mechanism.
It is exceptionally difficult to avoid irregularities but it is even more important to find them and to prevent them. I am of the opinion that we have successfully carried out this function of monitoring.
It is expected that accuracy to 45 centimetres will be possible in the near future. I would congratulate the rapporteur, and I welcome the adoption of this report, which I voted for, as it will allow the EU to increase its market share and enhance Europe's competitiveness in a strategic and growing market.
It is extraordinary that a 75-year-old man, Sepp Blatter, is going to be returned to power as President of one of the world's leading sports organisations, having been in power now since 1998, especially when you consider that the vast majority of the players - probably 99% of them - are under 30 years of age.
It is extremely important that Sri Lanka adopts a constructive attitude and is willing to cooperate. A sense of responsibility is vital for the reconciliation process.
It is fair to recognise that these issues are extremely difficult and complex.
It is for local authorities, with support from the national government, to take responsibility for such events.
It is for this reason that I also welcomed the introduction of these new European environmental economic accounts, and proposed that their scope should be extended to other modules.
It is for this reason that I believe what we are witnessing here is a bit of political theatre.
It is for this reason that the Committee on International Trade believes in listening to the Commission, which, we should say, has been providing us with a great deal of information on this subject.
It is for this reason that we need jointly to get our systems in order and share intelligence in order to attack this issue.
It is for this very reason, that is to say not listening, that we are living in dark times, as anticipated by the poet Bertolt Brecht.
It is founded on Article 207(1) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU), which provides for the exclusive competence of the EU in matters of foreign direct investment as part of the common commercial policy.
It is galling to realise that a single lit match can potentially destroy thousands of hectares of fine forest. I would also agree with the rapporteur that 1% of CAP expenditure going to forestation is not enough.
It is generally agreed that the SGP has failed in terms of both prevention and correction, and needs to be reformed.
It is going to be a crucial vote tomorrow for a future economy, a green economy. I urge the Commission to follow up the request we will make as a Parliament tomorrow by coming forward with a legislative proposal.
It is good that new radio spectrum is to be made available as the Member States are switching from analogue to digital television.
It is good that the submitted directive emphasises better quality supervision and controls, but especially the greater transparency of these processes and public participation.
It is good that we periodically review and modify provisions in these areas.
It is good to see democracy begin to take hold and flourish and deepen, and that is what we have to support.
It is hard work, it is difficult and we are working very slowly, but we are making some progress.
It is high time that international justice did its work, in Sri Lanka as elsewhere.
It is high time that we got things moving again on the trade and investment dossier.
It is highly alarming if those in power are so sensitive to criticism, satire and laughter that they send armed officials at six o'clock in the morning to students who use the Internet.
It is hypocritical to claim that Europe is a pioneer in the area of social responsibility.
It is immoral - immoral! - to ask ordinary taxpayers of any country to pick up the tab for failed politicians and failed banks.
It is imperative that these issues be addressed so that the objectives of the process can be fully achieved.
It is imperative to compensate for the arrival on our market of cheaper wines produced outside the EU with improved access for our products to foreign markets and, in particular, to the Indian market, the growth potential of which is exceptional.
It is important because the longer the adoption of the regulation takes, the longer the limbo period lasts, with the potential to create legal uncertainty for investors. I hope that, after the vote, Parliament and the Council can sit down together to find an early agreement on this issue.
It is important for Europe to make good use of its potential in the process of promoting itself in the world.
It is important for Member States, regions and local authorities to make the best possible use of EU programmes supporting culture and creativity, political cohesion, structural policy and others.
It is important for all European players to be involved in the implementation of this policy, be it governments involved in concluding international agreements, or European companies expanding their business into third countries.
It is important for every agreement to relax or eliminate restrictions on market access and investment opportunities, to maintain and enhance social and environmental standards, to provide adequate safeguards for data protection and privacy, to include mutual recognition of security standards and ensure a high level of passenger rights.
It is important for the EU to respect the right of self-determination of these people without any restrictions and to recognise the results of the referendum as an expression of the democratic will of the people of South Sudan.
It is important for the European Union to express a unanimous and strong position that is conveyed not only by the various Member States, but also by the Commission, and you have pledged to do that, Commissioner.
It is important for the world to experience the culture of the EU's Member States in the diversity of its content and form.
It is important for vocational training to be accessible to all people. I am pleased that the rapporteur understands this. ESF funding could be invaluable, helping to provide training for neglected groups in Lithuanian society.
It is important that Europe reaffirms its commitment to, and cooperation with, international movements like the UN at this time.
It is important that Member States continue to engage in bilateral communications and negotiations with third countries in order to achieve their Union frequency targets.
It is important that agricultural producers are involved in the sustainable environmental policy, but how will this greening system be established? It must be done in the way that Mr Dess has described.
It is important that rigour and austerity be advocated, and, at the same time, that Parliament have the minimum resources that it needs for excellence in lawmaking.
It is important that such sanctions exist but it is equally important that we do not punish states where they are unable to achieve proposed targets and I welcome the report in this respect.
It is important that the Commission incorporates into the free trade agreement legally binding clauses relating to human rights, social and environmental standards and the social responsibility of companies, and that it ensures, moreover, that these demands are met.
It is important that the EU does not just respond to the crisis by eliminating the most acute problems, but that it also prepares more fundamental reform of economic governance.
It is important that the Union will implement a Directive on the management of spent fuel and radioactive waste.
It is important that the plan does not founder in an excessive number of initiatives, and get bogged down in mere consultations, and that it really is implemented by 2013.
It is important that the system intended to manage public and private debt should support long-term growth.
It is important that this agreement be adopted, as Croatia is one of the main transit routes through which illicit drugs are smuggled into the EU, so it is vital that this country be involved in the EMCDDA's work as soon as possible, particularly bearing in mind that Croatia's accession to the EU is envisaged for the end of 2012 or beginning of 2013.
It is important that this cohesion be economic, social and territorial, and that it support the poorest regions. I consider it essential that funding for cohesion policy be at least maintained at the same levels.
It is important that we are committed to innovation, to sustainability, to energy efficiency and to exploiting the potential of smart green technologies for the European economy and for safeguarding jobs in a competitive global environment.
It is important that we cultivate and preserve this multiculturality. I agree that a common European policy requires the development of a coherent strategy on external cultural actions.
It is important that we have a strong and sustainable CAP and the ongoing work on its reform is one of the key issues before this Parliament.
It is important that we maintain support for disadvantaged regions and the opportunity for production-related payments in the regions where there is no alternative to a particular production type. I am pleased to note that my request for greater flexibility within the second pillar was also heeded.
It is important that we support the European fishing industry, among other things, in order not to increase our dependence on imports from third countries.
It is important that you have drawn up guidelines - we are grateful to you for that - that you have shown which countries have actually provided national management declarations - it is not many: basically, only the Netherlands meets the requirements in full - and that you have instructed the Directorates General to show for the first time in the activity report for 2010 what components will be present in a future national administrative declaration, even if this will only take place at working level.
It is important that young people have the chance to play an active role in the world of work, and also in civil society in its broadest sense. I myself am strongly involved in and support work related both to Youth in Action and the European Voluntary Service, which is one of the five operational actions of 'Youth in Action'. Therefore, I think it is important for the European Parliament to be able to continue to support similar measures.
It is important that, amid the democratic impetus brought about by the results of the referendum, negotiations should be as transparent as possible, so as to provide a solid base for the future development of each of the new states, as well as the future development of relations between them and with the international community.
It is important to bear in mind that the proposed financial assistance is intended above all to finance the recommendations of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and its policy of structural adjustment: in other words, persisting with the same neoliberal policies that led to the economic and financial crisis that this country is facing.
It is important to develop a new tool that can complement GDP, that has practical use, that is based on clearly defined indicators, and that relies on data of a high quality.
It is important to ensure that we have Europewide educational programmes in which young people can participate, and that multiculturalism can be strengthened as a result.
It is important to establish a European Monetary Fund, managed under Union rules and financed in particular with the revenues from the fines, in order to safeguard financial stability of the euro area as whole.
It is important to have made some progress in this direction with Mr Vlasák's report, with which I strongly agree, and I believe that this report will allow us to better define the legal framework of the urban issue and also to introduce tools such as the municipal operational programmes as operational programmes capable of giving a new quality to cohesion policy.
It is important to identify the strong aspects of research, while avoiding excessive prioritisation, where everyone is researching one and the same thing.
It is important to implement the proposals advocated in this report, such as better access to credit and financial support, more investment in research and development, clearer legislation, less bureaucracy, a 'one-stop shop', better inter-regional cooperation, and a simple and cheap European patent.
It is important to mark those tragic events, which led to many deaths, suffering, division and horrors, but it is even more important to mark and celebrate European unity and peace today.
It is important to mention that the Commissioner for Trade, Mr de Gucht, and the Directorate-General for Trade have fulfilled this duty of providing information to the parliamentary committee which I chair, in this and other cases.
It is important to note that unanimity between the Member States and the assent of the European Parliament are needed to take the final decision, not expected until at least June 2012.
It is important to point out that, for the current funding period, 2007-2013, the resources under the heading of the structural funds have already been allocated and agreed with the regions and the Member States within the framework of the more than 400 operating programmes.
It is important to provide storage in both interim storage facilities and long-term repositories in accordance with these standards.
It is important to say that when such cuts were made in the past, without taking into account fleets' particularities, the state of fish stocks in each case and each country's consumption needs, they did not solve any of the problems with which the sector is now faced.
It is important to set out a European urban policy, which should contribute to sustainable development in urban areas, taking into account the principle of subsidiarity.
It is important to simplify the administrative procedures involved in submitting applications for EU programmes in the field of scientific research and innovation in such a way as to make it possible for more enterprises and scientific institutions to take part in them.
It is important to stress that the new CSDP introduced by the Lisbon Treaty provides a firm political statement about the Union's intention to act as a force for stability in the world. I support the position that current economic austerity and the provisions of the Lisbon Treaty may help Member States towards smarter spending on defence by pooling and sharing a larger proportion of their defence capabilities, budget and requirements, while achieving more security for their citizens, although the reality is that the economic and financial crisis affects EU national defence budgets, programmes and force structures and, therefore, more than one year after the entry into force of the Lisbon Treaty, there are not yet clear signs of a post-Lisbon EU holistic approach enabling traditional procedural and institutional barriers to be overcome.
It is important to underline the necessity of consumer rights, particularly those related to online purchases, in this and future reports in this area.
It is important to unlock the potential of cultural and creative industries (CCIs). We need to analyse CCIs and the impact of their activities on the European economy, identifying, defining and describing them each in turn, in order to highlight their characteristics, better understand their goals and problems and implement more effective measures.
It is important, in fact, to remember the added value of the European budget, which can act as a driver for economic growth, research and development and employment, particularly for young people, alongside national budgets.
It is important, therefore, to continue the reforms under way regarding the governance of that international institution, and particularly the ones that you also mentioned, Commissioner.
It is impossible to accept that MEPs will not be subject to public scrutiny regarding the interests they defend in their role, or the pressure they are subject to or who is putting them under pressure. I therefore very much welcome the introduction of the common register of lobbyists and lobbying organisations.
It is impossible to explain to people in Europe or in the world why the death penalty, abolished in Ukraine, Russia, Azerbaijan and everywhere else in Europe except Belarus, still exists in the USA. I believe it will be not too long before we get good news from America on this score.
It is impossible to introduce ambiguities that go nowhere into a communication like this, and what they demonstrate is that this is a policy that does not resolutely face up to the situation we are experiencing.
It is in both partners' interests to make the best possible use of it. I hope that the inclusion of the European Development Fund in the budget, which I also demand - that elusive phenomenon, that event which is always promised but which has never materialised - will be able to preserve the original nature of the Fund.
It is in exactly this context that we have to look at the budget for 2012.
It is in the EU's interests to promote personal dignity and respect for social rights in all the Member States, creating, for that purpose, a mechanism for finding out who is not offering these rights to their workers and penalising them. I welcome this report and am voting for it. Whilst arguing for the importance of values in a globalising world increasingly dominated by economics, it advocates personal dignity, does not accept the exploitation of individuals, promotes welfare and personal integrated development, and calls on the EU to comply with ILO standards.
It is in the interest of the Union for the divide between the important centre and the developmentally backward peripheries to disappear, so that the peripheral regions will not just be market outlets and reservoirs of workers.
It is in this context that the European Commission is proposing a first programme to develop an approach, for the years 2011-2015, to the strategic radio spectrum issues facing the European Union.
It is in this context that we must analyse this agreement, which is the widest-ranging negotiated by the European Union to date.
It is in this context that we must view the pressure put on Russia (which also occurs with several other countries) to join the World Trade Organisation, in order to promote 'a level playing field for business communities on both sides' and 'liberalise trade in the global economy', while facilitating foreign investment and renouncing any 'protectionist measures'. The resolution thus reels off the repetitive old EU primer of neoliberal and meddling policies.
It is in this context that we should analyse this agreement, which is the widest-ranging one agreed to date.
It is incompatible with the goal of the European Parliament, the Commission and the Council for the Union to be a prominent global player with an inflation increase of barely 2.9%.
It is incredibly important that the EU has participated in this process from the start and has played an active and constructive role in the drafting of the Agreement, as the fight against IUU fishing constitutes an essential component of the common fisheries policy.
It is indeed our firm belief that deeper integration is the solution to our common problems.
It is inseparable from preventing forest fires, disasters which decimate extensive areas of forest annually in southern Europe, particularly in Portugal.
It is intended to achieve the best possible compromise between Parliament and the Council.
It is ironic that UKIP, which was opposed to their right to come to the UK in the first place, is now trying to make it extremely difficult and expensive for the British taxpayer to send them back to their countries to face justice.
It is ironic that the Red Baroness herself, Cathy Ashton, stood against this no-fly proposal, her aide reportedly calling it 'headline grabbing desperation'. The lesson of this is that principal nations act intergovernmentally while supranational bodies merely fiddle as Libya burns.
It is just one principle; a whole battle remains to be fought, and we will continue to fight it in order to effect a genuine modal shift and to establish a greener transport system that protects people's health and combats climate change more effectively.
It is known that GDP (gross domestic product) is the aggregated added value of all money-based economic activities. GDP is the expression of a production/consumption-based society and does not take into account changes and assets in important fields.
It is known that the mobilisation of the adjustment fund concerns 2834 redundancies (all targeted for assistance) in the primary enterprise General Motors Belgium and four of its suppliers operating in the motor vehicle sector in the region of Antwerp, during the four-month reference period from 14 June to 14 October 2010.
It is known that the protocol is aimed at ensuring that trade between both Parties develops smoothly within a high level of customs security and that it includes a set of rules to ensure that the Agreement and the EU acquis remain in alignment.
It is known that the purpose of this proposal is to undertake a codification of Council Directive 92/79/EEC of 19 October 1992 on the approximation of taxes on cigarettes, Council Directive 92/80/EEC of 19 October 1992 on the approximation of taxes on manufactured tobacco other than cigarettes and Council Directive 95/59/EC of 27 November 1995 on taxes other than turnover taxes which affect the consumption of manufactured tobacco.
It is known that the report stresses the fact that forests should be seen as a major contributor to climate change mitigation and adaptation, rendering necessary the reinforcement of the EU strategy for combating the factors causing their deterioration, e.g. pests, forest fires, etc.
It is like a minefield sometimes; we take hits occasionally and we develop our awareness.
It is likely that Raúl Castro incited his followers to use violence against the opposition during the recently finished Sixth Congress of the Communist Party of Cuba, and Cuban dissidents point to him as bearing responsibility for this latest murder.
It is likely that all EU citizens will applaud the bold plans for emissions reductions of 80-95% by 2050.
It is logical and it requires a logical and rational response from London.
It is low carbon and it can provide a secure supply.
It is made up of 28 key actions to improve the education and training of young people through mobility and bringing them into the labour market.
It is more difficult but more beneficial for the people of Europe to make progress in this area.
It is more of an asset because of the observation of the legal structure presented, looking to clarify the institutional barriers verified in the post-Treaty of Lisbon period and trying to specify legislative solutions for any problems that are identified: 'Lisbon' requires a CSDP. I feel that the European public wants it. The new reality will be more rational, more synergistic and more European.
It is more than desirable for the Union, through its coordinating role, to contribute towards improving the situation in the individual Member States.
It is most encouraging to see that the interim evaluation report triggered very substantive responses from the institutions and that these responses, although putting the emphasis sometimes on different issues, basically agree with the main findings and recommendations made by the independent evaluation experts.
It is much better - and that is why we are working with the Tunisian authorities and Italy in order to see how we can support Italy to create jobs and growth - for these people to find a future in Tunisia, because they are not refugees.
It is my credo, and that of the Hungarian Presidency as well, that we have to base all our steps on trust - and I would even say mutual trust -, on taking responsibility and on solidarity, just like you have urged us. Whether it be about economic policy, Schengen reforms, asylum or enlargement, this is what we must build on. The solution - as proposed by the great majority - is more Europe, a stronger Europe; the Hungarian Presidency has been working for the last six months with this in mind.
It is my hope that the Swedish Social Democrats will be able to support this proposal, particularly as we have managed to get rules through that safeguard the Swedish collective agreements.
It is my responsibility to denounce the German authorities, who, wrongly and hastily, accused Spanish cucumbers and, more specifically, the cooperatives of Malaga and Almeria, which were model operations and which will not recover from these accusations.
It is my understanding that a significant amount went into developing the public sector, though undermined by widespread domestic cuts across the UK. Some GBP 12 million in corrections was levelled against programmes in Wales from 2008 to 2009, while a total of 35% of funds for the same period was recouped in fines by the Commission.
It is my understanding that the stress tests will assume that the funding needs of the banks remain stable.
It is necessary to allocate funds to rural development under cohesion policy, because the second pillar of common agricultural policy is moving its activity to greening, 'ecologicalisation', environmental matters, agricultural development and processing.
It is necessary to create opportunities for specific groups in EU Member States, such as unemployed young people, ethnic minorities, vulnerable women, people with disabilities and others, in order to achieve better social integration and better social cohesion.
It is necessary to develop other indicators that will help explain which factors influence the living standards in a country.
It is necessary to direct the urban dimension of political cohesion towards supporting the development of basic physical infrastructure, the modernisation of economic, social and environmental characteristics of cities, urban regeneration and the promotion of social innovation in disadvantaged neighbourhoods.
It is necessary to draw Russia into global politics on the side of Europe, so that Russia can feel that it is an accepted partner in the creation of an international and democratic order.
It is necessary to emphasise that GDP is a measure of production and does not reflect environmental sustainability, resource efficiency, social inclusion or social progress in general.
It is necessary to emphasise the importance of the Joint Technological Initiatives (JTI) for the competitiveness of European industry.
It is necessary to identify the priority objectives and measure their achievement strictly, accurately and in a way that cannot be distorted by vested interests.
It is necessary to make more use of Commission programmes such as 'Erasmus for Young Entrepreneurs' and, at the same time, to protect skilled trades as a source of innovation.
It is necessary to strengthen the EU economy by improving the competitiveness of EU industry in the global economy.
It is nevertheless the 16th year in a row that there has not been a clear statement of assurance from the Court of Auditors.
It is no accident that the report's explanatory statement begins with an interesting citation: 'Rock and roll, culturally speaking, was a decisive element in loosening up communist societies and bringing them closer to a world of freedom' (Andras Simonyi). Secondly, the undeniable economic impact that could result from a commitment to disseminating European culture should be stressed.
It is no good us operating with 27 different systems in this important area. I therefore believe that the Commission should take a holistic approach and look at the connection between licensing, private copyright fees and piracy. I hope that this report can help to get this started and I look forward to an ambitious proposal from the Commission.
It is nonetheless a pity that we have failed to push through the demands for country of origin labelling, as this is one item of information which adds to the possibilities for consumer choice and can help to reduce the occurrence of various inaccurate and misleading statements regarding origin.
It is nonetheless important to share information with Parliament and the public on the most important issues at stake, given the progress of the negotiations in this instance.
It is not Romania and Bulgaria that are at fault because the European Union and certain Member States are unable to manage immigration and their borders, nor are they responsible for the extremist and populist deviations of a few governments, applying anti-immigration policies and regarding the mobility of European citizens, especially of Roma citizens, as a crime.
It is not a luxury but a necessity to sustain and foster Europe's attractiveness in a globally connected and competitive environment.
It is not a proposal intended simply to deal with short-term events, but there can only be real confidence in long-term solutions if we show that we can effectively address the short-term issues as well.
It is not a question of finding who is to blame, but on this occasion, major errors have occurred, starting with the foolhardy and reckless assumptions of a regional policy manager, recently recruited to the job, who unleashed social alarm and a very serious, irreparable economic crisis.
It is not a question of saving the reputation of the founders of the EU but rather of building Europe and working in favour of European citizens.
It is not a trivial issue: the spectrum relating to economic activities currently represents 3% of European gross domestic product (GDP) and that is just the start.
It is not about turning back time: it is about getting the governance right today for the challenges Europe will surely face tomorrow.
It is not acceptable for us to have tariffs of 100% in mechanical engineering and the automotive sector and, in the end, perhaps negotiate 50%. As long as we do not have any zero tariffs, it will encourage investments outside Europe.
It is not acceptable to, yet again, subordinate the EU budget strategy - this time for 2012 - to the objectives of the so-called Europe 2020 strategy, heir to the failed 'Lisbon Strategy' whose stated objectives of poverty reduction and job creation were no more than propaganda.
It is not an unfair assessment to say that the current system is now shown to be flawed and ill-equipped for the new circumstances we find ourselves in. We need to create an effective tool representative of the modern needs of Europe's Member States and able to improve the situation for all.
It is not because time has elapsed and that we have not yet got a waiver that the argument as such has changed.
It is not easy to make accusations against Greek taxpayers, who are going through extremely hard times at the moment because the European finance system obtained a huge amount of money from Greece only a few years ago.
It is not enough simply to say we want multilateral trade and if we do not get it, then we will stick with the bilateral dimension of free trade and wait to see what happens.
It is not enough to express interesting principles if you do not take reality into account. A quality education from the earliest years of life is necessary to ensure the development of the human being and of societies.
It is not enough, therefore, to make declarations of good intentions about protecting jobs and workers' and social rights if, afterwards, they do not put an end to the Stability and Growth Pact and the Euro Pact, replacing them with a genuine Progress and Social Development Pact, but prefer to impose broader demands and tougher sanctions on countries and peoples that have fallen victim to neoliberal policies.
It is not just a play on words but a real hope that must materialise.
It is not just follow-up costs that have exploded: 'normal' project costs have also reached massive proportions.
It is not just that the unemployment rate is higher among young workers than among their adult counterparts: young people are also to be found more frequently in temporary jobs with lower pay and less social security cover. I agree that in order to fully realise the EU 2020 flagship initiative 'An Agenda for new skills and jobs', the EU institutions should embark on a more pragmatic, comprehensive and wide-ranging initiative supported by all Member States which should focus on connecting the areas of vocational education, professional qualifications, lifelong learning, apprenticeships and the labour market.
It is not just useless.
It is not normal that people in Europe go out for a salad and die as a consequence, and we need policy change to address this.
It is not only fishermen, but also the processing industry and the market who want that.
It is not only important for children, for the very young children I have been talking about and the young people that my colleague has been talking about, but it is also important for the future of Europe. I therefore strongly support what the Commissioner has said, that Member States should now continue to invest in education and should not be using the economic climate to make cuts, because making cuts in education would be the worse possible thing to do.
It is not only in the political and security interests of the EU but, above all, also our moral duty to provide broad assistance to our Arab friends in their struggle for emancipation, because the values they are fighting for are also our values, and the successful fulfilment and application of these values is also a fundamental precondition for lasting peace, stability, development and prosperity.
It is not only left-leaning economists - in its economics section yesterday, for example, Le Monde, which is not a left-leaning newspaper, made it quite clear: austerity on the one hand - yes, we need certain restrictions - but we also need growth and investment.
It is not only philistine but also aberrant to regard them merely as goods or services.
It is not only the differing views on property and belonging that made Abyei the bone of contention of a civil war that lasted for decades; there are also the differing religions, namely the Muslim North versus the Christian and nature-based religions of the South Sudanese, who were forced together by the haphazard borders drawn up by the former colonial powers.
It is not over.
It is not possible to contribute less but receive more. I think that this convention-style model of dialogue between governments, the European Union, national parliaments and the European Parliament is the right way to rebuild confidence in Europe, both now and in the longer term.
It is not possible to escape from this situation by willpower alone, or through one's own decisions.
It is not possible to respond to the new obligations resulting from the Treaties with a budget that is essentially frozen.
It is not possible, in fact, to solve complex problems by just approaching them from one side. A fragmented approach may lead to overlapping or even conflicting policies, contradictory public actions or, worse, duplication of resources.
It is not right for domestic workers to be coerced into informal work, regardless of their rights, because of an immigration regulation that is too strict and ill-adapted.
It is not right that the German authorities failed to defer, from the start, to the European Union in a tragedy that has transcended their borders ever since the end of their first press conference, when they wrongly blamed Spanish cucumbers.
It is not right that these products should be subject to VAT at the full standard rate while other cultural products benefit from tax reliefs.
It is not sufficiently clear what basis has been used to select even the 75% and 90% limits or why, for instance, a category was not created for particularly underdeveloped regions.
It is not surprising that the report should conclude that a single European solution is not possible.
It is not the only one, as is also highlighted in the OECD-FAO report 'Agricultural Outlook 2011-2020'.
It is not true that we play no role: we play an essential role and the people of Syria are waiting for this clear message today.
It is not, as the Eurosceptics claim, an example of European profligacy, but rather a courageous admission that if we do not give ourselves the means to build Europe together, we will remain isolated and powerless.
It is not, however, clear that this will be the result of all the changes proposed here.
It is noted that the register must be kept in a manner consistent with the right of Members to perform their parliamentary duties without restriction and must not be used as a pretext to deny their voters access to Parliament's premises.
It is noteworthy that in this respect, the main pro-European political groups are united, and I thank the shadow rapporteurs and coordinators for this fruitful collaboration.
It is now also apparent that national debt has also increased enormously during the downturn, firstly due to the cost of rescuing the banks and the associated guarantees and secondly, and more importantly, due to the cost of the downturn itself.
It is now also becoming necessary to introduce mechanisms that improve competitiveness and restore public finances.
It is now down to the Commission to take up Parliament's ambition, presenting its proposals for the next European financial framework and not falling victim to the restrictive budget policies of Member States.
It is now essential both to guarantee a higher level of protection to all consumers in the 27 Member States of the European Union and to ensure that businesses have the possibility of providing their products and services without encountering unnecessary legal obstacles stemming from differing systems.
It is now evident that there is a need for Parliament to maintain democratic scrutiny of this financial instrument and future ones; it is even clearer how important it is becoming for developing countries' national parliaments to be involved in drafting strategic national documents linked to aid received from the Union.
It is now important, and I share the rapporteur's ambition in this respect, to analyse the work done and reorganise future work. FP7 is another opportunity for the EU to put its research policy on a par with its economic and social ambitions, not least by consolidating the European Research Area. FP7 is one of the largest research support programmes in the world and represents the primary tool of EU research policy.
It is now our common responsibility, together with the Council, to translate concretely those lessons into a new set of modern and efficient rules and processes which will enable the Union to meet better the expectations of our 500 million citizens in a sound and cost-effective way.
It is now the European Commission's turn to take into account in its legislative proposal the European Parliament's opinion. I should stress in particular that the development of a competitive agricultural sector and economic and social cohesion should be maintained as priorities for the period ahead. MEPs have also given their due attention to Europe's research efforts.
It is now the job of the European Banking Authority, in supervising and examining the conclusions of these tests, to give a first test of its effectiveness.
It is now vital for the lessons to be learnt from what has happened to avoid a similar situation recurring in the future.
It is obvious that today in Europe, even the biggest Member States do not have the necessary influence or leverage to talk on an equal basis with the United States or China and other powers, but together, the European Union can make a difference.
It is obvious, however, that to get an agreement is one thing - and it is our duty here - but to see its practical implementation and then to benefit from new rules will be yet another challenge.
It is of far greater importance for Europe's consumers that consumer protection should be improved at EU level.
It is of paramount importance that a minister assumes this responsibility and that these national management declarations have the signature of a political decision-maker on them.
It is of paramount importance that these economic and environmental accounts are actively used in all relevant EU policy making as a key input to impact assessments, action plans, legislative proposals and other significant products of the policy process.
It is of paramount importance, since this package really is the cornerstone of our comprehensive response to the crisis that is still ongoing.
It is often individuals who create such mistrust and who derive a personal interest from doing so.
It is often said that the level of development of a human society can be measured by how it cares for its most vulnerable and deprived members.
It is often the case that final storage sites and nuclear power stations are situated in areas close to national borders for geological or other reasons, which means that the indivisible, equal participation of citizens, transparency and the appropriate rights are all needed from a European perspective.
It is on this basis that I can tell you what our starting point will be in this politically highly sensitive issue.
It is on this date that Jarosław Kaczyński will undergo psychiatric tests, while Donald Tusk is to deliver an inauguration speech in Strasbourg for his presidency of the European Union. I hope that the international community will protest against the abuse of psychiatric tests for political battles, following the model of the Soviet Union and Belarus.
It is one of the most tangible gifts that the European institutions have given to Europe's citizens - the fact that, as the Presidency said, you can actually drive from Finland to Portugal without stopping at any border control.
It is one which is growing rather than declining, and I would suggest it is now time for the EU to invoke that regulation and put such a crisis unit in place.
It is only after this that we review the Schengen system and look at how it can be adjusted or improved, because we can see that there are indeed problems with it, but let us stick to this order of things.
It is only natural, therefore, that the private sectors in both the EU and Canada have shown strong support for an ambitious and comprehensive economic agreement, and believe that advancing a closer EU-Canada economic partnership would send a powerful pro-growth signal to investors and business within the EU and Canada as well as internationally. I therefore welcome an agreement with Canada that transcends the World Trade Organisation (WTO) commitments and is in addition to the multilateral rules, provided that the negotiations produce an ambitious, high-quality agreement, based on reciprocity and that goes beyond mere tariff reductions. I would, however, warn of the need to consider the economic impact of this opening up, especially on the Member States whose economies are more vulnerable.
It is only once we have the facts that we can take action to plug any gaps in food safety law.
It is only when we deal with our past, when we recognise and face history, that we can look openly to the future, so please give Sarajevo this possibility.
It is open to question whether European contract law will improve market access for small enterprises because, according to analyses, it is mainly medium to large-sized retail businesses that are involved in cross-border trade, something that is due to the bureaucratic red tape entailed, as well as the costs.
It is our banks, the European banks, which are actually covering up this tax evasion,
It is our duty to preserve these fragile ecosystems, this inestimable biodiversity and this strategic sector of the economy. I am therefore pleased at the strong political message that Parliament has sent in this, the International Year of Forests.
It is our intention to deal with the links between health and nutrition in greater depth.
It is our tragedy to live at a time where, just as Asia has discovered the secrets of decentralisation, diffusion of power, enterprise and personal responsibility, we in this part of the world are going in the opposite direction, copying the old Asian empires - the Mings, the Moguls and the Ottomans - in regulating, uniformising, standardising and taxing.
It is outrageous to suggest that, because we cannot solve the problem of nuclear waste ourselves, it is ok to dump our nuclear waste in other countries.
It is paramount that these directories are given prominence in the UK market and are not expunged by allowing EU companies to flood the British market under the aegis of EU trade legislation.
It is particularly important that the directive apply to digital products, as well as - partially - to passenger transportation.
It is particularly worthwhile and striking that the amendment to prevent speculative building on land cleared illegally by fire was adopted.
It is partly due to this hesitation that we are still racking our brains trying to work out which instruments we can adopt in order to actively help Pakistan, and on top of our frustration at not having achieved that yet, we are also conscious that we need a trade policy approach that is more mature in political and humanitarian terms: trade policy must become one of the instruments for helping populations in difficulty.
It is partly for these reasons that consumers and enterprises, particularly small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) with limited resources, avoid cross-border transactions, which prevents the creation of a competitive Internal Market. I agree with the report's call to take action and propose methods of harmonising contract law practice at EU level, which would ensure equal and fair conditions for market participants.
It is perfectly legitimate for their citizens to be seen as full European citizens.
It is pointless adding further debt to existing debts without accepting the consequences of necessary reforms.
It is pointless, then, to request things for the future when they are already being applied in the present. I think that even this venerable Parliament can accept this basic principle.
It is politically unacceptable and economically dangerous for these agencies, which have played such a negative role in the present crisis, to continue to have the right, granted by the EU itself, to rate not only companies, but also the economies of the Member States.
It is positive that this issue is being dealt with in a way that allows both supporters and opponents in Parliament to voice their opinions.
It is possible to ensure this by developing contacts between young people and small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). This would promote the need for young people among SME employers and would encourage young people to work for SMEs.
It is precisely here that the opportunities for rural development lie, and we cannot turn our backs on the less-favoured regions.
It is precisely in such times of crisis that you also learn to better seek each other out, and we experienced just how crucial the role and the expertise of the IMF are, even for us here in Europe.
It is precisely the learning of the language of our neighbours and the learning of the smaller languages that we ought to be promoting in particular in this framework.
It is precisely this trade in services that several people have made out to be problematic, but this is clearly one of the most important strategic areas we have, particularly when it comes to financial services. I would like to hear the Commission say something about how this part of the negotiations is going, as I know there has been a certain amount of resistance with regard to this area.
It is pretty much true, but we are not where we will be. The challenge we have is how to make sure that, not just this House and the desire of honourable Members with the passion that I feel here, but also the Commission, the Council, the Foreign Affairs Council, the Development Council, the Defence Ministers - all things that I chair and am responsible for bringing together - move with that same ambition.
It is quite clear that Lady Ashton is more gifted at issuing moralising press releases and playing Lady Bountiful than she is cut out for dealing with the diplomatic issues that you want her to tackle on behalf of the 27 Member States.
It is quite clear that no lasting solution to this problem will be found unless we take it as given that we should respect the will of European consumers to reduce animal suffering instead of increasing it.
It is quite clear to me when I look at what the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce is now saying that we are likely to increase bilateral trade from EUR 69 billion in 2009 to EUR 160 billion in 2015.
It is quite rare, after all, that it is persistently so difficult to reach agreement in the Council - and, Madam President, I am not blaming the Hungarian Presidency of the Council here, it did its best.
It is quite simply necessary to have these bilateral agreements, and therefore I welcome them.
It is rather late to be considering this, but it is high time that we thought about the measures that need to be taken at a European level.
It is really important that Parliament should unanimously call on the Council not to limit the scope of the CFSP annual report to a mere description of policy activities but, as the report rightly points out, to 'make it a policy- and solution-focused tool'. We must also stress that 'the report should provide more than a catalogue of country-based events and developments and should also address the question of the effectiveness of the EU foreign policy as well as of the means necessary to pursue the objectives of European external action'.
It is really important that we now show small businesses that this was not just a piece of paper.
It is recognised that significant change is coming after 2013, but changes to payments under the CAP should gradually evolve to allow farmers to adjust to the new arrangements.
It is regrettable that the 'no' stance of the left-wing groups and Mrs Pietikäinen is due purely to matters of principle and completely ignores the risk that would be run if these exemptions were rejected: our factories would close down and jobs would be lost as a result.
It is regrettable that the Court of Auditors was compelled to comment on the budgetary and financial statement of the Foundation, especially to the effect that the initial provisional accounts presented by the Foundation contained serious shortcomings, pointing to significant weaknesses in the financial organisation of the Foundation. I believe that the observations made and concern expressed must be taken into account and appropriate action taken.
It is regrettable that the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement between the EU and Russia does not meet today's needs for cooperation.
It is regrettable, however, that it is not yet possible to monitor the path of the product from its source.
It is right that the democratic changes that are taking place in the Arab world should provide the bedrock for new structures, those of safety, coexistence and development.
It is right that we are also expecting the Commission to take up the very significant subject of foreign investments, and to include the promotion and protection of foreign investments. A European Parliament document on this subject already exists, addressing what Parliament expects from future talks on the mutual protection of foreign investments.
It is right to criticise, but it would be better to work together to achieve tangible results and not just reel off slogans.
It is right to support the internationalisation of studies together with job flexibility among young workers in an increasingly competitive labour market.
It is scandalous that European countries in the modern age are engaging in the kind of activity we saw in the Oscar-winning film Erin Brockovich, which featured Julia Roberts, and where we saw that only in California could something like this happen, with factories exporting toxic waste and people then falling seriously ill and even dying.
It is seeking to replace the Member States, thereby corrupting the spirit of bodies like the United Nations General Assembly, where each country and its people still have the same weight, irrespective of their size.
It is sensible to have this type of wide-ranging coordination, based on a scoreboard of various indicators that identifies imbalances at an early stage.
It is simply different, and as a Hungarian, I would be grateful if you could respect this in the spirit of unity in diversity.
It is something of a challenge to bundle all these reports together and give evaluations of them, but perhaps I can express a few views on them.
It is something we have to keep working on. I am particularly concerned about the situation that micro-businesses find themselves in. It is all right - or it is relatively all right - for a small business of 249 employees that has specialist administrative staff but, for a micro-business with one or two staff, over-regulation can actually make trading impossible.
It is something well thought out and it is something that will lead to further legislation and proposals in the light of the European Council meeting in June, which will have as a theme - also planned for a long time - migration issues.
It is somewhat perverse that Member States are seeking to keep the way open for retaining this income, just as the external costs are also retained.
It is starting WTO action against the EU import ban on seals, in addition to its barbaric annual seal cull, and do not forget that it is fighting the EU Fuel Quality Directive to protect its exports of tar sands to the EU.
It is stipulated that the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction (EMCDDA) shall be open to the participation of any third country that shares the interests of the Union and its Member States in its objectives and work.
It is suggested, however, that these efforts should be significantly improved, given that Croatia continues to be one of the main routes for drug trafficking into the EU. It is important that Croatia's accession to the EMCDDA, which we support, could contribute to stepping up the fight against drug trafficking.
It is supposed to be the guardian of European law, including the legislation that we have adopted, but when it comes to the trade agreement with Canada, it says that it is important that some people make a lot of money, but it is not important for European law to remain law. I do not understand how the Commission can say that we do not need to discuss the import ban on seal products in connection with these matters.
It is surely important to recognise informal education as another very important means for improving skills which young people can use in their future lives.
It is thanks to the work done by the Committee on International Trade, including that contained in certain amendments - among which the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe supports Amendment 37 - that businesses, too, can request application of the safeguard clause.
It is the Commission's view that the very limited trade policy measures in the textiles sector applied by the Union can be managed without imposing the excessive burden of having to present proof of origin for all imports.
It is the European citizens in the countryside who take care of our forests, rivers and lakes and who give us food, clean air and water.
It is the beginning in terms of legislation.
It is the case that, in waiting for the implementation of a genuine common diplomacy and a genuine European defence policy, European soft power and its cultural diplomacy are some of the few means of influence at our disposal.
It is the citizens who are key to innovation - they make or break it. Yet what can we, as policy makers, as politicians, do to accelerate that innovation? Innovation is the only way out of the financial and economic crisis, as innovation will provide the solution to the problems that affect us all - such as the ageing of the population, climate change and the scarcity of raw materials - and will also put an immediate end to the financial and economic crisis.
It is the core of foreign policy, because if we fail there, we fail in overall foreign policy.
It is the duty of the European Union to continue helping Georgia, so that that country can develop and become a modern democracy, which could serve as an example to other countries in the region.
It is the first to apply - and I am glad that you have confirmed this in your comments - the 'polluter pays' principle, and launches a lengthy debate and implementation process, which leads to the internalisation of the external costs of all transportation methods.
It is the job of the Member States, with the support of the European Commission, to protect and develop our forests for future generations so that they can continue making a contribution in future to our natural habitats, our society and our economy.
It is the mantra of the European Commission, after all, to 'think small first', yet I have been raising this issue, as many colleagues have said, for many, many years, and yet no direct action has been taken: why not? We hear about surveys, information gatherings, and stakeholder meetings.
It is the most ambitious agreement of its kind signed by the European Union, even though it does not provide any social clauses.
It is the only city in the world where in an area of one square kilometre, you can see buildings belonging to five religions: there are mosques, a Roman Catholic cathedral, an Orthodox church, a synagogue and a Protestant church.
It is the only real bastion we have against the risk that consolidation might depress the European economy in a severe and irreversible way.
It is the period of development of the personality, when the learning process is, so to speak, unforced and natural, and the surrounding world is noticed, accepted and absorbed to the greatest possible extent.
It is the practical embodiment of Robert Schuman's saying: Europe will not be made all at once or through overall integration; it will be built through concrete achievements which first create a de facto solidarity.
It is the regulation on speeding up and clarifying the implementation of the excessive deficit procedure.
It is the responsibility of the Commission, Parliament, the Member States, the competent authorities and every local community concerned, and all of us, to make this a reality.
It is the responsibility of the authorities of individual Member States to ensure that prison conditions are up to standard, regardless of whether persons have been surrendered from other Member States or not.
It is the right of a nation to say every four years, 'We liked this, but we did not like that', and to then bring about changes.
It is the wrong approach.
It is therefore a useful source of information when foodstuffs are the subject of dispute or constitute a health hazard for consumers.
It is therefore absolutely essential to define the social responsibility of companies clearly and unambiguously so that we can limit the number of differing interpretations and establish minimum obligations in this area, as well as a method for monitoring their fulfilment.
It is therefore also one of the fundamental policies for combating the long economic and financial crisis that we have been experiencing for some years now.
It is therefore based on mutual trust of the systems in force, whether in the EU or in Canada, and provides for obligations and methods of cooperation so that the importing authority can issue its own certificate on the aeronautical product, part or appliance without duplicating all the assessments done by the exporting authority.
It is therefore better to have prepared a set of necessary responses in advance, which will make it possible to minimise the risk and avoid further disasters.
It is therefore clear that a comprehensive European answer is needed and two important elements of this, which are also top priorities for the Hungarian Presidency, are the European semester and implementing the reform of economic governance.
It is therefore crucial for the Common European Asylum System to be completed by 2012 - a system based on high protection standards combined with fair and effective procedures capable of preventing abuse and allowing for rapid examination of asylum applications in order to ensure its sustainability.
It is therefore crucial for the EU to focus more thoroughly on their implementation and enforcement, especially the International Labour Organisation (ILO) conventions and the principles of corporate social responsibility.
It is therefore especially important that we in the EU understand the importance of setting sufficiently ambitious targets in order to remain competitive in this sector.
It is therefore essential for Bulgaria to adopt some additional measures, namely, to prepare a special plan containing actions to be implemented at the moment of entering Schengen and also a joint approach (between Greece, Turkey and Bulgaria) in order to be able to respond to the possible increase in migration flows. I feel that the Member States concerned should be requested to inform the European Parliament and the Council, in writing in the course of a six-month period, beginning on the date of the entry into force of this decision, on the implementation of these additional measures and shortcomings.
It is therefore essential that in the Internal Market citizens have access to necessary and effective remedies in the event they have a claim against another citizen or business.
It is therefore essential to ensure that the public is made aware.
It is therefore essential to transform all unstable jobs into stable ones with rights and decent wages.
It is therefore extremely important that the checking and assessment of the European reactors does not become a paper tiger, but that it really is a proper assessment.
It is therefore extremely important that, when it comes to the fraudulent use of EU funds, recovery operations are much more efficient and that the cost of them does not come out of the European citizen's pocket.
It is therefore important and right that this cultural diversity and identity should also be disseminated outside the Union by its policies. I feel sure that we can achieve much more in this way, including in the debate about human rights and democracy, than through many cases of sabre-rattling, sometimes with absolutely nothing to back it up, in this House.
It is therefore important that all levels of government - from the regions and central governments right up to the European Union - should do everything in their power to bring in regulatory measures and legislative instruments that will help protect fish stocks, which is the only guarantee of the long-term sustainability of fishing activities.
It is therefore important that the European Arrest Warrant is seen as a useful instrument that has reaped good results.
It is therefore important to develop a tool to complement GDP.
It is therefore important to remember that it is, in fact, necessary to say to those bodies of public opinion against supporting countries in difficulties that they are not giving money to those countries: they are lending money to those countries.
It is therefore important to seek to bring job supply in line with demand using measures such as, for example, independent advice on vocational training, making funds available for supporting vocational training, and competition between establishments providing said training.
It is therefore in the interests of Egypt and the world that Europe should grant generous aid, but this aid must be conditional upon an effective policy to protect minorities, in line with the 'more for more' principle that you, Baroness Ashton, proposed together with Commissioner Füle.
It is therefore my hope that we can capture the momentum of negotiations by making a proposal on this issue very shortly.
It is therefore necessary for this mandate and trialogue to be successful, because the outcome of the budgetary agreement for 2012 will largely determine the success of the interinstitutional negotiations for the next financial perspective.
It is therefore necessary to adopt appropriate strategies as a precaution against such risks.
It is therefore necessary to continue to make advances so that statistical data on the environment is increasingly reliable and forthcoming.
It is therefore necessary to create a genuine single market for on-line content and services, take specific measures aimed at increasing the role of the CCIs as catalysts for innovation and structural change, bring together actors at regional, national and European level and create new products and services to generate growth and jobs.
It is therefore necessary to create a genuine single market for on-line content and services, take specific measures aimed at increasing the role of the cultural and creative industries as catalysts for innovation and structural change, bring together actors at regional, national and European level, and create new products and services to generate growth and jobs.
It is therefore necessary to establish strategic cooperation, sharing not only economic and commercial interests, but also the goal of close cooperation in Europe and internationally. I hope that this cooperation develops in accordance with the principles of respect, trust and solidarity.
It is therefore necessary to make them more appealing to live and work in, and to attract young people to them.
It is therefore necessary to reduce bureaucracy through strengthening control and through intelligent regulation.
It is therefore necessary to step up monitoring, in order to prevent the destruction of aquatic ecosystems, and a subsequent ecological disaster. A rational fisheries policy is particularly important in view of the food crisis, which is a threat we are facing at the same time as the human population is growing.
It is therefore necessary to work more intensively to eliminate the obstacles that are holding back trade cooperation, and also jointly to support projects such as the extension of the broad-gauge railway line running from the Pacific to the heart of the EU.
It is therefore not clear why the Georgian Government asked for more money, nor why the Commission immediately started working to mobilise nearly EUR 50 million.
It is therefore obvious that President Assad and his whole family need to be included on the list - not tomorrow, not the day after tomorrow, but today.
It is therefore particularly important for them to be enterprising and ready to create a vibrant and competitive EU economy.
It is therefore right that the regulation on new foodstuffs includes a ban on the sale of cloned animals and their offspring. I do not believe it is highly complex to deal with the cloning issue now.
It is therefore time to go from words to actions, and to demand the necessary budget and policies that recognise the true value of people, their creativity and their capacity for innovation, and that respect workers' dignity.
It is therefore up to the EU to make one issue very clear.
It is therefore very difficult, for a whole series of these reasons, to agree to grant discharge.
It is therefore very important for Member States to create specific conditions for access to early years learning for children whose families do not, for various reasons, provide them with the sort of material and family support that would enable them to take part in the standard education system without major problems.
It is therefore very important that these objectives should be emphasised as they are in the texts we are discussing, and it is right that the structural funds should be reviewed and amended to make them more effective in achieving the results they are intended to bring about.
It is therefore vital that European legislation should protect consumers and businesses against this kind of practice.
It is these citizens and their well-being that should be the main focus of democratisation, political pluralism, and respect for human rights and for religious, cultural and ethnic diversity in both South and North Sudan.
It is this cultural dimension that the EU should take more into account in its diplomatic efforts, particularly with a view to promoting human rights, democracy and development in third countries.
It is through research, demonstration and delivery that we can achieve the competitiveness that Europe so badly needs.
It is thus pertinent and urgent that the Council take steps to guarantee that the disproportionate use of the EAW is limited in practice.
It is time for politics and governments to take a more robust stand on what is wrong and what is right in the values that we want to defend, including in the economic field.
It is time for us to be honest and acknowledge that Romania and Bulgaria are being held responsible for everything that is going wrong at EU level and internally in some Member States.
It is time for us to use our strength to ensure that the people living in our partner countries can benefit from the values that have helped us: human rights, social security, justice and freedom.
It is time to assess how the financing instrument for development cooperation (DCI) has been used, now that it has been in place for four years.
It is time to move away from the use of historical payments.
It is time to respond frankly to those who, like you, Mrs Swinburne, and you, Mr Farage, continue to peddle the mistaken idea that we Europeans will be able to influence world affairs - which affect us too - by speaking with a multitude of voices.
It is time to tackle this issue head-on. I hope that the atmosphere of the European Summit in June, at which this topic will be addressed, will not be contaminated by populist sentiments.
It is to be hoped that this report can reinforce the firm nucleus of the work parameters incorporated in International Labour Organisation (ILO) legislation.
It is to be welcomed that the European Social Fund focused on employment strategy, but as I have said, they did not involve all the funds available, so further efforts are necessary in this regard.
It is to the credit of the negotiating team and, specifically, of the shadow rapporteurs who, together with myself, Council staff and the Commission, reached this fragile equilibrium.
It is totally unsatisfactory, but I took the chair at just 19.40 so I am not really responsible for the delay.
It is true that a country in such a situation yearns for political unity, and it is not by playing petty political games, as is currently the case in Greece, that this situation will be resolved. I experienced this in Belgium for nine years, Mr Lange.
It is true that accounts are very important: it is very important to know what the costs are, but we also need to know the benefits, the cost of preventing accidents at work, but also the costs of failure to prevent accidents at work.
It is true that at present the decision to change this situation, and in doing so to make some EUR 160 000 000 of savings per year, whilst at the same time considerably lessening Parliament's carbon footprint, lies solely with the Council.
It is true that heated debates took place in the Council on the best ways to ensure that peripheral Member States do not feel locked out, and eventually a qualified majority was formed in the Council, and I hope - and I believe that the discussion has shown this as well - in Parliament, too.
It is true that nuclear power stations can, in certain cases, pose risks, but I am quite shocked because there is a certain mistrust here in this Parliament of staff who work in nuclear power stations on a daily basis and who ensure the safety of our nuclear power from day to day.
It is true that the European Commission now has a huge task ahead of it, because it must submit new proposals and because developments in technology now make the revision of this legislation essential.
It is true that the Small Business Act Review, in making this proposal, moves us a little way towards a social economy, but it does so through its weakness with respect to the challenges associated with these other forms of action.
It is true that the review aims to improve SMEs' access to financing, but it fails to mention social and environmental issues and does not even refer to the European Commission's plan for a Social Business Initiative, announced for the end of this year.
It is true that under this text, it is not mandatory to be listed on this register but Parliament will require such registration for any organisation that wishes to use its premises.
It is true that we already have examples of cooperation between partners from the European Union and Japan, including the EC 145 helicopter, designed jointly by Eurocopter and Kawasaki, but the potential for cooperation could be much greater in my opinion. I appeal for action to be taken for rapid European-Japanese cooperation in aeronautics, at company level as well as in research and development units.
It is true that we do not always have a clear grasp of the EU's external policy, particularly in terms of what it is aiming to achieve, in other words, its purpose.
It is true that, at the end of a long night of negotiations, which lasted from 19:00 to 07:00, there was huge disappointment.
It is typical of the constant stop-and-go Khartoum politics to hint at a solution and then to withdraw it, without any warning.
It is unacceptable that more and more citizens are being scammed.
It is unacceptable that the United States of America - considered a torchbearer of human rights and democracy - has engaged in ill-treatment and torture of the detainees of the camp.
It is unacceptable that, in the face of the extremely severe crisis affecting the most vulnerable economies in the EU, they are continuing to make unsupportable cofinancing demands for the use of Union funds, specifically the Structural Funds.
It is unclear how long it will take before all the institutional arrangements are in place and new rules start bearing their fruit.
It is undoubtedly essential that, by way of an authorisation process, the Member States' existing BITs remain in place and that, under clear conditions, Member States be allowed to renegotiate existing BITs, finalise pending ones, and enter into negotiations for new ones.
It is unfortunate that statistics and taxes are lumped together under 'environmental accounting'. The aim of this assimilation is to implement the climate market and its stock rights relating to pollution.
It is unfortunate that the Council has yet to grant the Commission a mandate to open negotiations on a global air transport agreement with important trading partners, such as the People's Republic of China and India, despite the proposal dating from 2005.
It is unfortunate that the government of Iveta Radičová in Slovakia, under the pretext of non-confrontationalism, is concealing its own inability to respond to dual citizenship, to the constitution of the Hungarian Republic, to voting rights for Hungarians living in neighbouring countries and to the statements of the Speaker of the Hungarian Parliament.
It is unquestionably remarkable that the European Parliament, on the one hand, demands consistent action against corruption but, on the other hand, when former government member Mr Danilishin faces charges, he is granted political asylum, and in the Czech Republic - my own country - at that, without any preliminary investigation of the case.
It is up to independent economies in independent Member States to determine their conditions and limitations concerning credit rating.
It is useful to listen to the points of view of different stakeholders when the European legislator is drafting and adopting a piece of legislation.
It is utterly symptomatic that little more than EUR 10 million of the planned amount has been used during a period when the social and financial crisis is worsening, and that in itself demonstrates the need for a review of the regulations governing the Fund, at the very least.
It is very clear, then, that an environmental indicator can be turned into an economic and political indicator.
It is very curious that the latest charges relating to fraud against the medicines budget were not levelled against Zinovii Mytnyk, the Deputy Minister for Heath at the time, who signed off on the deal, because he has now re-emerged, curiously, as the new Health Minister in Yanukovych's Government.
It is very good that the new directive will supersede the various acts incorporated in it; this proposal fully preserves the content of the acts being codified and hence does no more than bring them together with only such formal amendments as are required by the codification exercise itself. I voted 'in favour'.
It is very important for Croatia to join, but it is also important to remember that the Pope warned the Croats to beware of a bureaucratic, centralist structure.
It is very important that Europe should uphold its social model, and at the same time reiterate the fact that work has an unquestionable social value and that employment is one of the main reference points in the use of resources that economic development should make available.
It is very important that a report such as this one has been produced and that we should also aim to consider companies in remote areas in the north, for them to be able to compete on an equal footing with other European companies.
It is very important that consumers be informed of the total price and principle characteristics of a given product immediately before ordering.
It is very important that these conditions be assessed and that there be very determined work by the European Commission to assess detention conditions, so that they can be harmonised and so that, in this way, the EAW can be applied with more confidence.
It is very important that we are creating a new system, beginning by establishing a solid legal basis created by the agreements currently in force, and which were negotiated by Member States so that a common system of protection for the entire European Union could at last be established.
It is very important that we do two things: firstly, we have to try and raise awareness amongst businesses right across Europe to ensure they are vigilant and do not fall foul of these misleading companies and, secondly, we have to bring in legislation that ensures that, when they are taken to court, they either cease trading or are put behind bars.
It is very important that we place greater emphasis on the quality of the work with the regions, particularly when we look at some countries that are experiencing genuine structural problems.
It is very important to create a level playing field for credit rating agencies by stimulating competition, transparency, market opening and stability.
It is very important to prevent these charges simply becoming a new tax on heavy goods vehicles, as some Members here have pointed out.
It is very important, however, that continuity of service is guaranteed, as a (temporary) limitation or degradation of GPS signals will have tremendous effects on our economy and society, without other independent GNSS systems in place.
It is very keen to access the EU's services market and therefore, it is necessary to carry out a comprehensive evaluation of how the free trade agreement might affect the EU's services sectors (and other important sectors) and employment.
It is very pleasing for that to be the subject of discussion, as we still have not talked about it. We do not yet know which regions are involved.
It is virtually impossible for the Member States to reach agreement and put forward a single, agreed position on events of this magnitude.
It is vital for future generations to receive from Europe full support in the areas of cultural learning, further education and artistic creation.
It is vital for solutions to be found at last to problems that have hitherto remained unresolved. I am talking about the problems of citizenship, sharing debt and oil revenues and the difficult matter of undefined borders.
It is vital that nuclear facilities across Europe are both safe and seen to be safe.
It is vital that the international community maintains its presence and a very high level of humanitarian involvement.
It is vital that, in future, incentives be aimed at ensuring quality based on sustainable production methods, as the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament has been insisting.
It is vital to establish who is to issue a warning, and when and how they should issue it, in order to prevent the information chaos we have been witnessing.
It is vitally important that the EU, with the support of international organisations, extends the practice of nuclear plant stress testing around the world, and especially to its external borders.
It is vitally important to send a strong signal to the markets and to citizens both of the EU's intention to combat this financial crisis and of its capacity to resolve differences and address crucial issues. I also welcome the approach taken to address fraud and an unwillingness to act on agreed recommendations without a reasonable justification.
It is well known that children in their earliest years are particularly curious, receptive and willing to learn, with this being the age at which the ability to speak and express themselves is formed, along with social skills.
It is well known that domestic work is often insecure and informal, and this insecurity and informality seriously jeopardises the rights of those providing these types of services, even though they participate in the economic activity of their respective countries and should be considered workers like anyone else.
It is well-known that populations in border regions are more likely to suffer for want of infrastructure; it follows that participation of all the parties concerned could lead to the needs of all such populations being satisfied, even in the case of those populations that are further away from the centre of Europe.
It is why I am proposing to support the endowment for democracy which will enable us, too, to use our resources to support opportunities, particularly for young people, to engage in political life, to support the development of political parties, to enable people to do what honourable Members in so many countries represented here had to do themselves - i.e. develop the political process by building those political parties, civil society, and deep roots that mean democracy flourishes and grows.
It is why the vote that we won at the UN, the voice that we now have, can play its part.
It is why we have to engage the leaders in Bosnia to get them to get their eyes off the floor, to get them from thinking only about their own communities to thinking about the needs of their country, and to see their future and to see the European Union.
It is why what we have seen happening in Cote d'Ivoire is so important, seeing President Ouattara finally take his place, and the role we have played has been significant in supporting that process.
It is widely known that the wind does not blow all the time, even in North Germany, and solar cells, which currently have an efficiency of around 11%, can only convert the solar energy which falls on them into electrical current.
It is with considerable concern that I note the whistle-blowing in the case of possible mismanagement of the European Economic and Social Committee (EESC), and that it is now the subject of a pending action of the European Anti-Fraud Office (OLAF). I agree with the rapporteur when he insists that both the EESC and OLAF keep the discharge authority informed about the progress and outcome of the case in question.
It is with great concern that I have followed the corruption scandals in Ukraine and the trials of politicians who are being accused in a way which is sometimes ludicrous.
It is with this in mind, I believe, that we should urgently introduce a genuine mobility programme for these target groups, in addition to the Leonardo programme. I think that the Erasmus name, the Erasmus hallmark, should be used for all the programmes and in a variety of forms, in particular, for apprentices, so that we have the necessary ambitions to achieve our aims.
It is work carried out in the home - childcare and elderly-care facilities - that is included in the Europe 2020 strategy and represents 5% to 9% of all work undertaken in the EU, with the trend being towards growth.
It is worth bearing this in mind, all the more so as Japan is lobbying against the loss of competitiveness in the EU market as a result of the EU-Korea Free Trade Agreement which is due to come into effect.
It is worth emphasising the importance of creating European Groupings of Territorial Cooperation (EGTCs) as a key instrument for territorial governance which addresses the need for structured cooperation in financial terms, as well as legal status and governance at various levels.
It is worth highlighting the proposal to earmark the revenue from charges on external cost and infrastructure to be used for sustainable transport and trans-European networks, in particular.
It is worth highlighting the usefulness and merits of existing cross-border educational programmes, for example, the Leonardo Da Vinci programme, which deserve our support.
It is worth mentioning here that in spite of the EUR 86 billion earmarked for research during the funding period 2007-2013, there is no sign of any change in this state of affairs, so the funds awarded under the Cohesion Fund for innovation in the next financial perspective should take greater account of the factor of balanced management of funds for the old and the new EU Member States.
It is worth noting that the end of preparations for these countries to join the Schengen area coincides with the debate on the EU migration policy and the growing opposition of some of the countries in the Schengen area to plans for its expansion.
It is worth noting that there will be a shift towards industrial and technological development and a corresponding shift away from low-skilled labour.
It is worth pointing out that the definition of domestic workers in the draft ILO Convention is very wide.
It is worth reminding ourselves that there are some 5 000 towns in Europe with a population of between 5 000 and 50 000 inhabitants and almost 1 000 cities with a population of over 50 000.
It is wrong to doubt the additional value of Palestinian unification and the agreement on democratic elections.
It is yet another interventionist measure that calls for the application of the same type of monetarist and neoliberal policies and criteria, tightening the veritable stranglehold imposed on the Member States, without a care for the causes of the problems, or for alternative policies that take into account economies' different levels of development.
It is, first of all, the Council's job to get the governments to agree once they know what Parliament's positions are, which are the positions of the people of Europe.
It is, however, desirable that the Joint Committee reconvene more frequently in future, and that representatives of the European Parliament be permitted to participate at meetings as observers.
It is, however, not at all obvious that with an additional own resource that would reduce the dependence on GNI, we can expect a revolution in EU capacities to finance growth and structural change.
It is, however, regrettable that statistics and taxes are included indiscriminately in 'environmental accounting'. The reason behind such a lack of discrimination is the implementation of the climate package and its market trading in pollution rights.
It is, in fact, ridiculous, and it is not helping to press the Assad regime to change its direction.
It is, in its own right, one of the branches of foreign policy; however, it should also be an important part in a strategy for reversing migratory flows that enables populations to remain in or return to their country of origin and live life there with dignity and increasing prosperity.
It is, of course, very difficult to go into all the questions in a detailed manner, but let me just focus on some questions that have been repeatedly put.
It is, therefore, crucial to adopt any measures that might strengthen the guarantees that IAs will be transparent and independent, since that will help maximise this instrument's role as an aid to the decision-making process, and as a guarantee of the quality and suitability of the EU institutions' activities.
It lays down the maximum emission level on the basis of engine power and provides for the gradual, phased reduction of emissions.
It leads to melancholy and also to speaking for longer than the time one is allocated, Mr García-Margallo y Marfil, through the President's indulgence.
It looks at all the issues affecting the labour market: how do we attract more people into the labour market, how do we incorporate this social dimension into all our policies?
It made huge concessions, and was ready to withdraw the ban on labelling.
It makes changes relating to price volatility, and calls for solutions to be created, at global level, to combat speculation on agricultural commodities and extreme price volatility.
It makes me very sad that one of our major European achievements is to be put at risk.
It may be correct for direct management, but it is certainly not correct if we include all the administrative expenditure - including that in the Member States - for managing EU funds. I suggest that we produce an own-initiative report on the actual administrative costs of the European Union here in the Committee on Budgetary Control.
It may be helpful - and here I am addressing Commissioner Reding - to involve the European Public Prosecutor's Office, which, once up and running, could verify and assess in some way these judgments by the Member States' judicial authorities, who will undoubtedly need to receive further training.
It may be the case that the EU does not have a great deal of competence in this area, but something can be done nevertheless.
It may seem to be a small problem, but it has a serious economic impact and it affects small, medium-sized and family-run companies in particular and they form the backbone of our national economies and our society.
It may well be that spending is planned for many multi-annual programmes and the relevant funding cannot be cut at present because the EU would otherwise be open to accusations of breach of contract.
It mentions, specifically in the recitals, important issues like the decline of public investment in higher education, the increase in fees and the consequent widening social gap, but this issue is not properly taken up in the body of the resolution.
It merits attention that the Parliament has, in its various resolutions on this matter, repeatedly acknowledged the benefits an improved contract law framework has on the Internal Market, has further welcomed the idea of a common frame of reference, and has insisted on close involvement of itself and the stakeholders concerned.
It might be better to say that some pious hopes are expressed that finally, the interests of customers and workers should be taken into account.
It mostly applies only on motorways and only to vehicles weighing 12 tonnes or more.
It must also negotiate with its individual lenders to establish concrete proposals and ideas about how this crisis can be beaten.
It must also reinforce its position in international bodies in the area of economics and monetary stability, in accordance with its role as one of the principal economic powers at international level. I also approve of the statements in the report seeking to strengthen the EU's role in multilateral security organisations, in the G8 and the G20, among others.
It must also stress the need to set up a real evaluation mechanism for Schengen that will check compliance with the rules and border controls, identify problems, help solve them and, as a last resort, penalise Member States if they persist in not complying.
It must be a basic principle that structures are not created twice over and that the Union's structures do not swell needlessly.
It must be based on the road map agreed by the local players and must be endorsed by the SADC, the African Union and the international community.
It must be clearly stated on a pack of hamburgers where the meat comes from.
It must be emphasised that we cannot impose more requirements for Romania and Bulgaria than we have done in the case of the previous Schengen accession.
It must be mobilised because it is a credible department, which has proved its worth, in the Libyan crisis for example. I believe that this department should be encouraged, today, to prepare a plan and to present it to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, explaining how it intends to act, to enable us to understand how valuable European Union foreign policy can be when we all work together towards the best result.
It must be reviewed and adapted to a changing world, however, particularly in light of the financial crisis and varying fiscal circumstances.
It must ensure the highest possible level of European added value, it must be sensibly managed and it must support public and private resources as far as possible.
It must facilitate the purchase, distribution and circulation of works, adapt taxation, for instance, with reduced VAT for cultural goods, and lastly, help with funding.
It must monitor and check whether this approach is mirrored in neighbouring countries, particularly those intending to build nuclear power plants next to the EU's external borders, and whether the provisions of international conventions are properly implemented or are little more than a piece of paper.
It must not be the case that, for reasons of prestige, no decision is taken on something that everyone knows is necessary.
It must speak with a more powerful and more unified voice and respond much more quickly, in order to be able to act as a trustworthy and reliable partner.
It must therefore be borne in mind that the European Commission will not take on board the opinion that we will adopt tomorrow, in which we specifically request the expenditure of the common agricultural policy to be maintained.
It must therefore be our aim to simplify the bureaucracy involved in the transfer of research results as much as possible, and thus to provide maximum assistance to innovation, thereby strengthening the competitiveness of the EU. We must think how to deal with the commercial exploitation of the results of research projects within the framework of innovation measures.
It must therefore fall into line with the other institutions as quickly as possible and explain to Parliament - and therefore citizens - how its budget is actually managed.
It needs to be made clear that investors should only invest if they actually understand the product and cannot use the excuse that they can, to a certain extent, automatically make a triple A product the goal of their investment strategy.
It needs to bed down, and we want to see budget neutrality and more political accountability.
It neither tackles nor alters its environmental protection objectives, and it makes no impact on its methodology or period of validity.
It now has images that are known the world over, like the one of 'The Cellist of Sarajevo' who, dressed in black and in the midst of the destruction of war, wanders the streets seeking to ease the suffering of a martyred people who cannot leave the city.
It offers a solution in regions where unemployment among young people is high, given the labour shortages in certain sectors in some Member States that are evident from the Commission's new quarterly vacancy monitor.
It offers many opportunities for students' intellectual emancipation, for combating early school leaving, unemployment and poverty, as well as for the development of international cooperation in higher education but also in vocational education and training.
It only envisages reciprocal free movement of Russian and European citizens happening in the long term, yet it supports the process of free trade that is under way.
It openly takes advantage of minorities in neighbouring countries for extreme nationalist ends.
It ought to be possible, within the euro area, to sign a contract with the cash-in-transit company offering the best price, even if it is located in another Member State.
It outlines objectives and identifies the action needed to improve the quality of vocational training and make it more accessible and relevant to the needs of the labour market.
It particularly affects levels of antibiotic resistance and so has human health repercussions.
It pays to develop awareness of the deep cultural traditions of European countries and, at the same time, to promote individual villages, towns, regions, Member States and the EU itself in a global context.
It points out that increased synergies among the Structural Funds are necessary in order to meet the Europe 2020 objectives, but also and above all to meet the cohesion policy objectives.
It points to an incredibly important issue which has not often been discussed to date, namely, the need for national authorities to take action, in cooperation with the European Commission, to prevent unemployment by tailoring vocational training to the needs of the job market.
It presents in a clear manner the issues concerning childcare and equal access to education for all and, in particular, the children of immigrant families - whatever their situation - and particularly stresses these issues within the context of fighting against poverty and social exclusion.
It proposes extending and expanding common policies, in particular, cohesion policy which has made a major contribution in the past to making the European Union a model of cooperation and understanding between peoples, and may continue to do so in the future.
It provides funding to partner organisations - the UN agencies, international NGOs, the Red Cross family - or partners who have vast experience in carrying out aid operations among the most vulnerable people.
It provides the Member States, for the first time, with the ability to also charge for noise and air pollution over and above the existing infrastructure charges which, in addition, are not consistently levied everywhere at the moment, and in a way that could stimulate the likes of fleet renewal.
It provides timely evidence of the progress in implementation throughout the EU-27 and promotes transparency of measures through integration with the Community's priorities.
It provides, or supports, 1.2 to 1.5 million jobs and accounts for 1% of GDP, and this waste management and recycling sector, which operates by the rules, is also competing with, and put at a disadvantage by, these illegal shipments.
It raises issues that need to be addressed and recommends courses of action that can ensure that the satellite system reaches Full Operational Capacity (FOC) as soon as possible, meaning a quicker return on the investment, and this report serves as the basis for the debate on how the Commission can best achieve this.
It really is important to understand how this scarce resource is actually being used today, because we do not feel it is being used optimally - far from it. Secondly, we need to have a transparent process for allocating this scarce resource, but it must also be dynamic enough to prevent any idea of vested rights emerging again.
It recognises the important role that regional and local governments play in shaping European legislation, and therefore clearly differentiates between lobbyists and local and regional government officials.
It refuses to implement the financial transaction tax and Eurobonds and its eyes are glued on the rating agencies, which did not see the subprime crisis coming, which shows just how reliable they are.
It remains to be seen to what extent the new monitoring and supervisory measures will take effect. A whole range of mistakes have been made and there has been a breathtaking lack of ethics, morals and decency, combined with conflicts of interest.
It remains to be seen whether a move to coordinate the good 200 BITs in operation in the European Union can finally resolve the problem whereby binding BIT arbitration judgments based on international law entail commitments to investors by Member States that give rise to EU Treaty infringement proceedings.
It remains up to the EU and Canada to decide what commitments it is willing or not to undertake in each sector, including with regard to public services or other services where future policy flexibility is important.
It represented a way for world powers with imperialist ambitions to expand their control of the markets and force new and more intensive ways of exploiting workers, playing work forces from different countries and regions off against each other.
It requires the involvement of the UN, the US and the EU and needs your active encouragement to achieve the resettlement of the 3 400 refugees from Ashraf to the US, Canada, Australia, Norway, Switzerland and the EU Member States, or wherever they have family or other connections.
It respects the environmental protection objectives adopted some time ago by the EU. In view of the serious economic crisis, the Commission might have made more radical proposals, such as a moratorium on the Directive, a change in the timing of the stages or an even higher percentage of flexibility.
It revisits it to make its demands broader and its penalties tougher.
It rightly underlines the role of culture not only as a bridge between peoples but also as a fundamental element in promoting our values in the world.
It says at the top of the letter sent out by the misleading company that the information is free of charge.
It says that Parliament 'welcomes all efforts by the Indian Government to eradicate child labour'. I suppose the person who drafted this is attacking goods that might be manufactured using child labour and brought into Europe, but the motion does not say that.
It seems absurd, in fact, that our market should be very much open to wine products from emerging countries when we do not have satisfactory access to their market. I therefore encourage the Commission to continue the ambitious strategy it was able to carry out when it concluded a free trade agreement with South Korea.
It seems important to define a framework of values and common objectives which could be set as a goal in all Member States, while the sharing of good practices remains the key to providing high quality service, with the child's needs and care at the core of all endeavours.
It seems obvious that this objective cannot be achieved through the use of optical fibre, the installation of which requires considerable investment, but through the use of a mix of wireless technologies available to extend the coverage of broadband (terrestrial radio, cable, fibre or satellite systems) to cover the whole territory of the Community, rural and peripheral areas included, enabling the market to choose the most efficient technology from the point of view of cost for operators and citizens.
It seems obvious to me that in an increasingly unified Europe in which mobility is a growing reality, the mutual recognition of qualifications is absolutely essential.
It seems that they only want to work in a spirit of compromise when it comes to their own reports.
It seems that, in those few countries, the practice was to issue a European Arrest Warrant every time a national arrest order was issued.
It seems to me that a lot of speeches start from the assumption that this is a kind of FTA with all the elements that go with it. For example, the problem of social conditionality, of sustainability as we call it, should not be considered here because this is very clearly a measure that is limited in time.
It seems to me that greater involvement of the European Union in this region will both be profitable for the Union and help raise the level of development of the countries of the Carpathian region, which simply need greater and more intensive European Union action.
It seems to me that it should be proportionally increased so that the entrepreneur's own contribution should not exceed 10 to 15% of the required amount (currently, the amount required is 15 to 25% of the amount allocated for research). We should remember that one of the EU's main tasks is to eliminate social and geographical imbalances through the distribution of benefits deriving from innovation throughout the EU. We will not be able to achieve this goal if we neglect the new EU Member States in financial terms, thus supporting a further one-sided 'brain drain'.
It sends a clear message to Member States: we intend to support strong integrated policies and to do this by increasing the budget by at least 5%. Furthermore, in a context where citizens are subjected to austerity, we must maintain a strong cohesion policy.
It serves to maintain the current situation.
It should act as collateral now for the balance of payments facility, but also in the future for the greater use of innovative financial instruments leveraging European budgets.
It should also be noted that the rule of mutual acceptance and joint inspections, investigations and exchange of safety data will allow greater efficiency for all stakeholders.
It should also be pointed out that Croatia remains one of the main trafficking routes for drugs to the EU. This agreement will therefore not only make it possible to obtain factual and objective information from Croatia concerning drugs and drug addiction and their consequences, but will also enable Croatia, through these exchanges of information and best practices, to understand the nature of this phenomenon and better respond to it.
It should also be stressed that research funding problems primarily affect small and medium-sized enterprises.
It should also be taken into account that non-recyclable nuclear waste must not be exported to third countries.
It should also help local and regional authorities to develop networks to cooperate in the field of cultural tourism.
It should be a key element of public policy in areas like the environment, water, energy, transport, telecommunications, health and education, and should help resolve problems like the scarcity and efficient use of resources, waste recovery and treatment, food quality and security, demographic changes, new epidemics, and conservation of nature and biodiversity.
It should be a key element of public policy in such areas as the environment, water, energy, transport, telecommunications, health and education.
It should be a vital and horizontally integrated element among the broad spectrum of external policies which make up the EU's foreign policy, from trade relations to its enlargement and neighbourhood policy, and its development cooperation and common foreign and security policy.
It should be abolished and the EU, particularly the High Representative and the upcoming Polish Presidency, and all the Member States, must firmly demand that the US exclude the death penalty as an option in the first military commission trial for a Guantánamo detainee.
It should be based on a foundation model and the start-up financing should be provided by the finance sector by means of interest-bearing loans.
It should be clarified, therefore, that development cooperation is the only EU external action policy which has not been designed to serve European Union interests, but to defend the interests of the most marginalised and vulnerable populations on this planet through poverty alleviation and sustainable human, social and economic development - in short, the right to a decent life for all.
It should be easy to scrutinise how decisions are made, what are the influences behind them and finally, how resources [...] are allocated'.
It should be easy to scrutinise how decisions are made, what are the influences behind them and finally, how resources [...] are allocated'. The institutions' transparency and the clarity of their representatives' actions should be an intrinsic element of real and genuine democracy.
It should be easy to scrutinise how decisions are made, what are the influences behind them and finally, how resources, i.e. taxpayers' money, are allocated.
It should be easy to scrutinise how decisions are made, what the influences behind them are and, finally, how resources, i.e. taxpayer's money, are allocated.
It should be emphasised that, as was the case for my country, joining the Schengen area does not mean that Romania and Bulgaria no longer have any work left to do as regards full implementation of the cooperation instrument.
It should be extended to a larger number of foodstuffs.
It should be highlighted that fur is often used as trimming in relatively inexpensive garments, which are often imported from Asia.
It should be noted that Croatia is a transit route through which large quantities of drugs are smuggled to other countries. I am pleased that Croatia is making significant efforts to combat the trafficking, use of and trade in illegal drugs.
It should be noted that India has a clear legislative framework, especially as regards the procedure for the registration of geographical indications and their coexistence alongside trademarks.
It should be noted that in 2005, quantitative restrictions on textile and clothing imports originating in World Trade Organisation (WTO) member countries were rules, while the rules for the same type of products originating in the People's Republic of China expired at the end of 2008.
It should be noted that the EU 27 annual inflation rate for 2011 is estimated at 2.7%, meaning that the proposed nominal 2012 increases of 3.7% in commitment appropriations and 4.9% in payment appropriations are, compared to the 2011 budget, in real terms 1% and 2.2%, respectively.
It should be noted that the cause of the disaster was the breakdown of the cooling system due to a power outage, and interruptions to power supply are a frequent phenomenon in the Member States.
It should be noted that the world population is predicted to grow from 7 billion to more than 9 billion by 2050, requiring a 70% increase in global agricultural production according to the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organisation.
It should be noted that this report is drafted on the basis of prior experience within the EU on the functioning of the economic and monetary union, which identifies the need for an enhanced economic governance framework, as is proposed in this report.
It should be pointed out that Croatia is already part of Reitox, the European Information Network on Drugs and Drug Addiction.
It should be pointed out that, in accordance with the subsidiarity principle, forest strategy should continue to be primarily a matter for the Member States, but the European Union should take action to support, coordinate and supplement forestry policy initiatives by the Member States, taking into account differing regional conditions.
It should be remembered - as is shown by research conducted by accountancy firm Ernst & Young - that three quarters of applications submitted by small enterprises in Europe for research subsidies and the purchase of new technologies are, unfortunately, rejected by the banks.
It should be remembered that GDP is a measure of production and does not measure environmental sustainability for example.
It should be stressed that these are balanced proposals which exempt clothes made by self-employed tailors from such labelling requirements.
It should be taken into account that by creating a single strategic framework, the specific characteristics and diversity of beneficiary areas and sectors may be lost, opening the way for the EU budget to be restricted and payments from the funds to be reduced, as the major EU powers have advocated.
It should be taken into account that the area made up by Bulgaria, Turkey and Greece is one the most sensitive points in the EU's external borders in terms of illegal migration.
It should be these profits they reap, rather than money from European taxpayers, that are used to help the employees.
It should especially strike the correct balance between stability, medium-term predictability and flexibility.
It should introduce the financial tax and Eurobonds. I therefore voted for the Feio and Wortmann-Kool reports while I abstained on the Ferreira, Ford and Haglund reports and I voted for the Goulard report (for Eurobonds). A choice of votes that is intended to reflect my very mixed feelings over this package, which admittedly does offer some steps forward but which is still too poorly balanced: Europe will be unable to continue to develop without its people and therefore we must debate solutions for the future in public.
It should not be curtailed by political opponents.
It should not be limited to the elimination of tariff or non-tariff barriers but should represent an opportunity to take a qualitative leap in the elimination of environmental and health policy differences, and I refer, in particular, to the farming sector, the protection of animal species at risk of extinction and particular economic extractive activities that have a significant environmental impact, such as asbestos mining and oil sands drilling, or that restrict access to medicines for the poorest countries.
It should not be seen as a burden on Member States because the European budget provides added value and will, in future, include a tax on financial transactions.
It should provide benefits for the economy and society.
It should rather be understood as the result of reduced industrial output and the relocation of production away from Europe, as a result of which unemployment is growing in Europe. I therefore firmly believe that the way to reduce greenhouse gas emissions is to promote the innovation of new green technologies more consistently, so that we address the need to protect air quality not just through administrative and financial instruments, but rather through support for research and the implementation of new technologies in real life.
It should therefore avoid sending the opposite signal and conducting a contradictory policy.
It should therefore be ensured that urban areas in all the EU regions, as centres of economic activity, innovation and employment, can benefit from necessary and adequate support in order to address the enormous challenges they are facing, such as the trend towards suburbanisation, the concentration of poverty and unemployment, and rising levels of congestion and pollution, among others.
It should therefore read: 'the European Parliament notes that the option of drawing a reduced pension from the age of 50 and the option of receiving a lump sum equivalent to 25% of pension rights have been abolished'. It should read: 'the retirement age for the Scheme has been raised from 60 to 63'. It should read: 'the managers of the Fund have been called upon to adopt ...'.
It shows no concern at all about the consequences that such sanctions will have on the people, nor about the legitimacy of the Commission imposing sanctions on elected governments.
It singles out one Member State out of 27, and it concerns a national issue which falls within the sovereignty of Member States.
It starts with a hefty helping of self-delusion: 'never have Europeans been more demanding of the EU'. Well, increasing numbers of British people are demanding that we come out of it. Perhaps that is what they mean.
It states that if an agreement is largely confined to an issue of shallow integration, notably, the reduction of tariffs, there is a strong possibility of trade diversion exceeding trade creation for both parties.
It states that projects that have a substantial impact on the environment must undergo an assessment in which all their direct, but also indirect, effects on the environment are evaluated.
It stresses and aims to promote a moratorium on executions.
It supports the Commission's approach in adding qualified majority voting to selected parts of the procedures.
It takes the view that the EU should seize the opportunity of the adoption of NATO's new Strategic Concept in order to substantially strengthen its partnership with NATO while, at the same time, developing the EU's foreign, security and defence policies. I believe that an organisation-to-organisation relationship must be adopted.
It takes time, effort and especially commitment and strong will to overcome the scars of a conflict.
It therefore demands for it to be increased - by at least 5% in the first instance.
It therefore makes sense for these lobbies and their representatives to be listed in a register, and that their principal sources of funding should also be mentioned in this register, particularly if they come from the European budget.
It therefore needs urgent repair before it is extended.
It therefore stresses the need for the EU to cooperate with leading regional powers and actively participate in the building and improvement of an international environment that enables the EU to promote, as required by the Treaty, its values and interests.
It therefore urgently needs to be integrated with the EU budget to enable increased democratic control, accountability and transparency of financing.
It thus proposes to repeal the conditions of acceptance of proofs of origin for certain textiles and textile articles originating in third countries.
It thus represents a massive step forward for markets that are more competitive but also safer, since greater rapprochement and cooperation in matters of certification, inspections and enforcement should enable the parties to ensure a higher level of security for passengers and cargo flights.
It undermines the peace settlement of Europe.
It very definitely could have been the case that we ended up with nothing at all on the table, since a few Member States would have preferred to have nothing at all.
It wants these countries to 'reap the benefits of globalisation' and to engage in 'investment integration', which means making it easier for G8 countries to make money in these countries and then take the money out again.
It was a mainly technical proposal and it was one that only contained benefits for businesses.
It was a statement that was made. I might be critical of it and, as I said, I would have been more in favour of having Osama Bin Laden tried in an international criminal court, for example, but that has not happened.
It was a very difficult situation in the Council, because some Member States do not produce an environmental balance sheet and we first need to create a foundation in all 27 Member States.
It was also clear during the mission that we made to Bulgaria and Romania, and for this I would like to thank my fellow Romanian Members, Mr Marinescu, Mr Enciu and Mrs Weber, and my fellow Bulgarian Members, Mr Kovatchev and Mrs Nedelcheva.
It was also found that there was a lower take-up of fishing opportunities by long-liners, which led to a reduction in this segment in the current report.
It was also in this city that, between 1992 and 1996, during the conflict in Bosnia and Herzegovina, the longest siege that a capital city has endured in the history of modern warfare took place.
It was an intensive period in which Parliament and Commission gave shape to the special partnership between our two institutions.
It was because of this lack of solidarity that, in December 2009, we created a far bigger problem - the problem we are facing today.
It was concluded that the case does not fall within the scope of Mr Gollnisch's political activities as Member of the European Parliament, concerning instead activities of a purely regional and local nature as a Rhône-Alpes regional councillor, a mandate to which Mr Gollnisch was elected by direct universal suffrage and which is distinct from that of Member of the European Parliament.
It was developed in the 1930s and has come to take on the role of a comprehensive indicator for overall societal development and progress in general. A series of international initiatives highlighted broad support by policy makers and experts from the fields of economics, environmental protection and civil society for the development of indicators to complement GDP, providing more comprehensive information to support policy making. GDP does not, in fact, provide a reliable basis for policy debate.
It was expanded in 2009 to include workers made redundant as a result of the economic and financial crisis.
It was important to make the European Commission accountable, and demand it provide consistency on policy and action, and a series of effective actions promoting social and labour standards.
It was in Sarajevo that the assassination that sparked off the First World War in 1914 was carried out.
It was just short of a blocking minority and the fight continues here now.
It was not a collective failure, though, because there was agreement on practically everything, even though it failed miserably giving people the impression that big business and trade rules prevail over the European citizenry, whom we are here to represent and defend.
It was not exactly a negotiation; I did not see it like that.
It was only a matter of time before it would apply for formal recognition as a state in the United Nations, which, of course, is what has now happened, with - rather disgracefully and to me bafflingly - the support of my own government.
It was particularly important to us that, before spectrum allocation, clear regulations be laid down to prevent theatres and anyone using wireless microphones, for example, from being saddled with the cost of paying for a frequency change or for new technology.
It was precisely the direct impact of this instrument on everyday life that led me to vote in favour of the report by Mr Audy, in the hope that future innovation policies will make the absolute most of the synergies in the whole research and development value chain.
It was recommended that where projects might possibly have a considerable environmental impact, appropriate screening should be carried out - particularly as regards sensitive areas and the possible cumulative impact of projects.
It was supported by my group because it would have allowed specific aid under the first pillar to compensate for natural handicaps and also to ensure that agricultural activity was maintained in mountainous areas, in environmentally sensitive areas and in Natura 2000 regions.
It was the period after the execution of the arrest warrant which was problematic, and which we are trying to fix today in this debate.
It was therefore a particular concern of the Committee on Culture and Education that it be made clear that the spectrum is, and remains, essential for the fulfilment of a wide range of societal, cultural and social functions.
It was therefore only right to vote in favour of this report in order to finally promote livestock production that manages without antimicrobial substances.
It welcomes both organisations' desire to further strengthen their partnership.
It will allow a freer exchange of goods and will contribute to greater prosperity in India as well as in EU countries.
It will also be necessary to cooperate with local bodies, to pass on expertise and to exchange good practices. I also believe that the stronger safeguarding of intellectual property rights is an essential condition for protecting cultural diversity in Europe.
It will also discuss ideas as regards a possible safeguard mechanism.
It will also give Member States more opportunities to make their respective national road pricing systems more efficient, which means a better instrument for transport demand management.
It will also lead to sustainable development and increase the EU's capacity to influence the international order. I therefore urge the continuation of the work already under way to form a united front which will improve relations between Europe and other world powers, promote a more effective response in situations of international crisis and improve Europe's standing on the world stage.
It will also lead to sustainable development and increase the EU's capacity to influence the international order. I therefore urge the continuation of the work already under way to form a united front which will improve relations between Europe and other world powers, promote a more effective response in situations of international crisis, and improve Europe's standing on the world stage.
It will also promote a new sustainable city, desirable for all, a model that meets the environmental, energetic and socio-demographic challenges, but one which places the living environment and the well-being of its inhabitants at the heart of our concerns.
It will also provide clarifications regarding the eligible activities falling under the scope of the register, and the processes by which complaints will be handled. I believe that it was essential to adopt the draft agreement on the establishment of a transparency register.
It will also result in a rise in xenophobia and a growth in the influence of parties proclaiming populist and nationalist slogans.
It will be a comprehensive programme of technical assistance focused on growth and jobs, but with an emergency character because - I repeat - Greece is living in an emergency situation.
It will be a way for us to be able genuinely to exchange best practices. I believe that in the long term, this will constitute one firm basis for economic growth in Europe, but more important than economic growth is to remember that it is via this process that people, young people, can grow as individuals and Europeans.
It will be built on the basis of the current MIC - the monitoring and information centre - and also on the basis of the emergency teams of humanitarian assistance that existed in ECHO.
It will be essential to invest in training and to change the direction of our training policy in order to counteract a situation in which a growing number of jobs in highly specialised industries cannot be filled, while an equivalent number of low-skilled people of working age are relying on benefits.
It will be extremely difficult to explain to our citizens why we are not able to agree on the fundamental pillars of the response to this crisis when we are trying to respond to challenges of the current magnitude. I believe the agreement on this package will strengthen our economic surveillance mechanisms at European level.
It will be good if we can agree to update the existing dispute mechanisms and judicial procedures, because these are outdated and need to be brought up to date and made more transparent.
It will be important, however, for us also to apply the rules we adopt consistently, and not to produce all kinds of exemptions from them (The President cut off the Speaker)
It will be impossible to resolve certain problems regarding prisons or preventive detention periods, for example, because they are not covered by the procedural rights package.
It will be necessary to ensure that the coordination with the Framework Programme for Research, in particular with regard to innovation, is effective, sound and transparent.
It will be necessary to record not only all work undertaken for businesses or for international companies, but also all paid lobbying for interest groups, such as professional organisations and trade unions.
It will be no different with this agreement.
It will be revealing to see whether the Commissioner listened to those concerns.
It will be worth the effort if it enables you to achieve the objective that you say you want to achieve.
It will contribute towards our steps to combat global warming and towards our energy independence.
It will definitely not be possible to make the concept of innovation so broad and far-reaching that it covers all the relevant activities and all small and medium-sized businesses.
It will ensure the European Union's autonomy and independence from other global navigation systems, and enable it to claim a share of this booming worldwide high-tech market.
It will give direction to the negotiations with the Council, which will enable us to approve the general budget of the European Union for 2012 at the end of the entire procedure.
It will include a provision for access to a lawyer both in the issuing and the executing States in European Arrest Warrant cases.
It will inform Parliament within 12 months of the adoption of this agreement in plenary and produce a report at the end of the transposition period on practice in the Member States, in order to draw up for themselves - and in the interests of the Union - their own tables illustrating as far as possible the correlation between this directive and the transposition measures and to make them public.
It will make the European Union far better placed to prevent the development of unsustainable public debt and deficits, and the emergence of harmful macroeconomic imbalances.
It will not be by chance that the problem, even following the implementation of Directive 2006/114/EC, continues to affect a striking number of businesses, particularly small and medium-sized enterprises, and consumers across Europe.
It will not be sacrificed in discussions on the future common agricultural policy budget.
It will reinforce the promotion of high-quality European brands, and will rightly inspire pride in citizens for what Europeans still manage to produce, despite the competition from cheap labour.
It will supplement other conventions of the ILO or of other international organisations.
It will then remain for the provisions of this convention to be actually implemented, which will not be easy, but let us consider nonetheless that the approach is positive.
It will transform Portugal into a mere protectorate of the great powers of the EU. All of this in exchange for a loan that the Portuguese have to repay, at high interest rates, to increase the profits of international financial capitalism, even though we know full well that such measures resolve nothing, as the case of Greece clearly demonstrates.
It works the same way in all democratic states. I therefore cannot understand the position of the European Council, which refuses to give us the cooperation necessary for assessing its budget.
It worried me, and I would ask him how it could be so bad, so detrimental, to ask those who have become rich by speculating to pay for the crisis instead of asking those who are least to blame for it to do so, and not do as you did yesterday, calling for Spain to reduce social spending through a reduction in expenditure on ...
It would also be useful to introduce an 'SME test' to assess the impact of all future legislation on SMEs and check that this legislation will not stifle the potential these businesses have for growth.
It would also make sense to perhaps allow national and regional credit rating agencies to operate in the form of a European network.
It would appear that this text also allows the right to abortion in Hungary to be restricted by stating, and I quote, 'that the life of the foetus will be protected from the time of conception'. The Hungarian Government has backed up its words by action in this area by launching an anti-abortion communication campaign which would still, apparently, appear to be using funds from the European PROGRESS programme (Community Programme for Employment and Social Solidarity).
It would be a backward step to put this situation in jeopardy; instead, we should concentrate on improving the transposition of the framework decision, especially in terms of protecting fundamental rights.
It would be appropriate that, in areas of exclusive competence, the EU should be the pre-eminent actor, with full membership, while the Member States might also - but not necessarily - be present as members, without, in most cases, an independent role.
It would be better to make these people declare their personal links with the media, as well as their parliamentary and administrative links to the European Parliament.
It would be far better if the only final beneficiaries were public administration bodies, in other words the state, the regions, prefectures, towns and villages, which would invest the money in growth measures.
It would be interesting to know whether there is in the agreement a point on legal protection and provision of lawyer services?
It would be of major symbolic value and a major historic success for Europe if Sarajevo were to be a European Capital of Culture for 2014.
It would be regrettable to categorise young Europeans as either an educated elite, multilingual and confident in the future, or as young people left behind on the grounds that they do not have a Masters degree or because they are only doing manual work.
It would be totally unacceptable if we were to allow the export of our most dangerous waste to countries outside the EU, where we cannot be certain of the level of safety with regard to the treatment and storage of the waste in the long term.
It would be unfortunate if the Commission's only means of querying an agreement were to be to take the matter to the European Court of Justice.
It would be usual for the European legislative to be consulted when an international negotiation mandate is involved, in a situation where the European Parliament has a relevant role to play in terms of shaping EU-level investment policies.
It would be very interesting from this perspective to see what preventative actions or preventative steps the Office of the High Commissioner has prepared in order to avoid this happening, perhaps in cooperation with the UN or the African Union, on the one hand, and it would be very interesting, of course, to see the method or steps the office would like to take if that does happen, and in the event that North Sudan does not comply with the peace agreement which was signed, and which I basically believe in.
It would be worth the Commission taking steps to ensure that its standards are enforced not only in the EU itself, but also outside its borders, since the plants in the Kaliningrad Oblast and in Belarus are aimed at the European market.
It would be wrong for the EU to set new unilateral targets, in view of the fact there are no regulations at global level containing binding reduction targets.
It would certainly appear to be wiser to wait until there is a clear legislative framework governing future imports of certain textile products from the Far East before we start repealing the old laws. I have therefore voted against the report.
It would execute numerous tasks, such as checking the investigation systems in place in Member States and coordinating controls and inspections, but no proposal was put forward.
It would have been more opportune, in my view, to concentrate on specific aspects and sectors, rather than to try and create a new competency shared between the EU and the Member States.
It would make it easier to compare the effects of environmental policy between the Member States and it will give us a better picture of which policy measures actually work and which do not, and which ones may even be counterproductive.
It would make sense for the groups to send an estimate prior to the visits, for Parliament to send them an advance payment on their expenses, to be paid into a bank account, and for the balance to be paid upon presentation of the receipts detailing the expenses actually incurred, up to a certain amount, of course.
It would never have been possible to push the referendum through while the status of the voters of Abyei remained unresolved.
It would not be sensible to apply the standards of the Seventh Framework Programme in the case of small and medium-sized companies.
It would share the loss more fairly between Greek taxpayers and external creditors; stop the replacement of private debt by an ever-growing proportion of official debt coming from other countries; offer Greece more growth opportunities by alleviating debt service; make it much easier for Mrs Merkel to 'sell' the default to the Bundestag, because it would mean supporting German banks rather than Greece; and, finally, isolate the debt crisis from the competitiveness crisis and save the eurozone from contagion.
It would therefore be beneficial to get a better picture of both the advantages and disadvantages of such a body with the aid of a detailed study. A better knowledge base is a prerequisite for further discussion of this matter.
It would therefore be good, when we vote on the amendments tomorrow, if we do not carry out a final vote, but rather refer the matter back to committee so that we can see what comes out of the WTO talks and whether it does actually make sense for us ultimately to give our consent to this package.
It would therefore be wrong to suggest, as some have done, that it should fund itself.
It would, therefore, be a good idea at the next meeting with the leaders of the Kremlin to stop talking about a common zone of European security from the Atlantic to the Urals, as the leaders of France and Germany want, and to take up the real challenges which lie just over our border.
It's underlined the central role of Sustainable Forest Management (SFM) and the importance of forests for competitiveness and employment, in order to achieve EU's climate targets and deliver necessary ecosystem services such as biodiversity conservation, protection against natural disasters and CO2 capturing.
Italy itself can certainly assume responsibility for this and must do so. An interior minister like Mr Maroni, who himself belongs to Lega Nord party, must make it clear that these people are refugees whose rights must be respected and that the correct course of action must be taken here.
Italy's decision to issue temporary residence permits to thousands of Tunisian immigrants arriving on its soil, followed by France's request to temporarily restore border controls, has brought the Schengen area, one of the most tangible aspects of European integration, into question.
Item three: on 17 May, we will be observing the International Day Against Homophobia in the European Union.
Its accession to the World Trade Organisation will create numerous opportunities in economic relations between the European Union and Russia.
Its aim is to create a full picture of when, where, how and on which animals the antimicrobials are actually used today, without creating additional financial or administrative burdens for farmers or other animal owners, taking into account the fact that farming practice and intensity is different from one Member State to another.
Its aim is to enable the EU to respond to the great societal challenges that concern all Member States and to which they cannot respond alone (ageing population and health, energy and water supplies or food supplies, sustainable development, climate change, and so on), as well as to develop the knowledge to enable our businesses to innovate more and enhance their competitiveness.
Its application must also guarantee environmental and social sustainability, and should not distort competition between Member States.
Its content is nothing new: the opening up of markets, and the liberalisation of services, including increasingly commercialised public services at the mercy of multinationals, making it harder for Member States to exercise their social function in these areas.
Its content stresses the need to plan, for the future, sufficient and ambitious financial resources for the forest and the timber industry. I therefore support the adoption of this text and, at the same time, renew my support for the adoption of a specific financial instrument to protect the Union's forests.
Its creation is absolutely justified and we want the future regional support system to address regions at the same development level in a fair, simplified and transparent manner. I believe that we must send out a clear message that the European Union looks behind the statistics, especially in the present economic crisis.
Its effects can be seen more clearly in Poland than anywhere else.
Its energy bill represents the fisheries sector's most significant operational cost and, unlike other activities, the sector cannot offset the additional cost by increasing production because of the ceilings established by total allowable catches (TACs) and quotas.
Its essential point is a request for an increase of at least 5% in the total EU budget for 2013, and the request for the introduction of an autonomous source of funding.
Its management seems crucial to me, and I was very pleased to welcome the creation of the European Information Network on Drugs and Drug Addiction (REITOX), which enables increased contact between national drug information networks and specialist centres for the sharing of best practices. I view the contribution of a framework for comparison with 2009 and 2008 positively, as it has facilitated the analysis of the increase in its activities.
Its predominant feature is that it calls not only for this increase, but for all spending under the EU budget to be directed towards promoting the barbaric measures unleashed by capital, the EU and the bourgeois governments against the working classes and grassroots classes in all the Member States.
Its proposal to harmonise taxation systems must not result in yet another reduction in taxes on businesses - admittedly, small businesses - while salaries are hit by the austerity plans.
Its results and conclusions should be published as soon as possible.
Its top priority must be research and innovation for small and medium-sized enterprises, to stimulate growth and employment, while the second objective is to reform the common agricultural policy in order to promote and support the competitiveness of agriculture in Europe.
Its use for non-military ends could represent an important contribution to the provision of public services, with opportunities for cooperation, and progress in science and its applications, and in the exchange and accessibility of information, with the guarantee of respect for the public's rights, freedoms and guarantees.
Japan has been one of the most notable success stories of economic and social recovery in world history, today being a respected country, worthy of admiration.
Japan is also carrying out research into advanced solutions for general aviation as well as for passenger transport and cargo.
Japan is the EU's sixth largest trading partner, while the EU is Japan's third biggest trading partner. I agree with the provision that the time has come to conclude an EU-Japan Free Trade Agreement (FTA), but before beginning negotiations, Japan must make significant commitments on removing non-tariff barriers, which limit market access opportunities for European businesses, in other words, public procurement obstacles, insufficient recognition of international standards with respect to medical devices, and preferential treatment for national champions in financial services.
Japan's willingness to open bilateral talks on a free trade area with the European Union provides us with an opportunity to build closer political relations and to increase economic benefits, both for the EU and for Japan.
Jean-Claude Trichet, President of the European Central Bank, has managed during his mandate to resist pressure from Heads of State or Government.
Joining forces to innovate so as to solve common problems in Europe means more focus, more rapid development, efficiency, including cost-efficiency, and greater creativity.
Journalists such as Joanna Lichocka, Tomasz Sakiewicz, Rafał Ziemkiewicz, Jan Pospieszalski, Grzegorz Górny, Tomasz Terlikowski, Bronisław Wildstein and Wojciech Cejrowski have lost their programmes - and these are just some examples among many others.
Journey numbers have fallen by 10% in Switzerland since 2001, while the quantity of goods transported has risen by 60% and it has proven possible to reduce emissions - a win-win scenario.
Judging from the previous speeches, I think that to ask the question is partly to answer it. Europe is struggling to do as well as it might, and we know the main reasons for this, as they have been pointed out: there is, broadly speaking, a North-South divide in Europe where research and development are concerned; Europe is also lagging behind in terms of research and development spending by businesses; and researchers and SMEs have difficulty in accessing the various programmes, as our rapporteur mentioned.
Just a brief follow-up. In the communication on the CAP towards 2020 it says that achieving all the objectives in the future CAP 'will require that public support to the agricultural sector and rural areas be maintained'. You mentioned this yourself, Commissioner.
Just as Mr Barnier said, it is all about confidence.
Just as energy policy and the generation of energy is a matter for the Member States in Europe, we must also concede that it should be the Canadians and Canadian democracy that decide how energy is produced there and what environmental impact is ultimately to be taken into account.
Just as the Commission forced changes in Hungary's media laws because some points were unacceptable, so it or the European Court of Justice will take action if laws are passed when implementing the constitution that breach European law.
Just as unconducive to this European identity is the EU's democratic deficit and the unidirectional understanding of democracy among the Brussels elites, who simply let the populace keep voting until it gives the 'right' result.
Just as we did with dairy products when a deep crisis broke out in that sector, we need now, too, to call that surplus into use.
Just before Easter, a number of MEPs from the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy went to California to see how investment works in Silicon Valley.
Just like Luigi de Magistris, any other MEP enjoys immunity from any inquiry or detention resulting from opinions expressed or votes cast.
Just look at Asia with countries that are not yet democracies; it is because they were able to open up that they could participate in the global economy and reap some benefits for their peoples.
Just one element of these costs is, of course, EU over-regulation.
Just quickly - because I do not want to take up too much time - I want to talk to Mr Albertini about his report and to quote from it. He talks about coherence and says 'Coherence requires, first and foremost, the political will of the EU Member States to overcome their differing outlooks'. Absolutely.
Just recently, Commissioner Malmström presented a package for combating corruption that we can use as a basis for further work.
Just think about the initiation and institutionalisation of the European semester, and the 'six-pack' of economic governance, created within the framework of the co-decision procedure, that will bring a fundamentally new economic approach.
Just through preparing the whole debate, I am, of course, already in contact with certain ministers in certain Member States that are even more confronted with the neighbouring country aspects.
Just when developments in the international system require the European Union to become a credible actor in security and defence; just when the European approach to crisis management through supporting democracy rather than exporting it appears to be more suited to the challenges of our times; just when the economic crisis makes the option of developing a common defence inevitable; just when the Treaty of Lisbon provides new instruments to develop the CSDP within the framework of an integrated approach; in short, just when a quality leap in the CSDP has become necessary and possible, the European edifice seems to be creaking dangerously and there is a real risk that the ambitions and possibilities of the CSDP will have to be drastically downsized.
Khartoum's military action in Abyei appears to be jeopardising the good overall outcome of this journey, though not the founding of the 54th African state on 9 July.
Kinga Göncz is not from my party but I am appalled by the way that Ms Morvai used a debate about the last dictatorship in Europe - Belarus under Mr Lukashenko - to discredit an honourable Member of this Parliament by calling her a Hungarian Lukashenko.
Knowledge and international skills are crucial to education and employment, as indicated in the EU 2020 strategy, but culture can also be considered as a vehicle which helps to foster democratisation, freedom of expression, inclusion, development, education, reconciliation and much else.
Labelling and traceability were really the minimum on which we had taken a stand.
Labelling or marking should not be misleading and should be provided in such a way that the consumer can easily understand to which part of the product the particulars refer.
Labour Euro MPs backed this report which, thanks to amendments adopted at the committee stage, calls for Commission action to raise financial firms' corporate governance standards.
Labour Euro MPs do not believe that families should continue to bear the full cost of the UK's budgetary contribution.
Labour Euro MPs opposed the rapporteur's amendments to weaken the committee report, including a lower requirement for representation of women, a slower timetable for action on pay reform and less information on staff pay.
Labour Euro MPs want to see improvements in the Single Market and to facilitate cross-border transactions for consumers and small businesses.
Lack of jobs could conceivably generate an exodus of young people from Europe, but the vast majority of young people who change countries to find work will probably choose to move to another Member State.
Ladies and Gentlemen, dear colleagues, let us take our seats for the official signing of a very important agreement between the European Parliament and the European Commission: the 'lobbyists register'. We voted on the Casini report at the last plenary session in Strasbourg and now we will have the official signing.
Ladies and gentlemen of the Commission, if you really accept that environmental impact assessments need to be strictly implemented, I think you have to react more quickly to stop projects going ahead despite reports that indicate that these projects need a prior environmental impact assessment.
Ladies and gentlemen, 2011 should be the year of the Mediterranean, of combating terrorism, even of achieving a breakthrough in the Middle East conflict.
Ladies and gentlemen, Commissioner, that is unacceptable! In a joint resolution of the five largest groups in Parliament, we are calling for all these people to be released immediately and for the rule of law, freedom of expression and of the media to actually be ensured so that, as President Aliyev assured us years ago - in 2005 - 'No journalist is persecuted in Azerbaijan'. He must finally keep these promises.
Ladies and gentlemen, European SMEs urgently need the firm political will to improve their access to public tenders that is contained in the Small Business Act to be converted into real, tangible, operative measures.
Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to apologise for the delay.
Ladies and gentlemen, Kinga Göncz, member of the government of the Hungarian Lukashenko, Ferenc Gyurcsány, presides in the Vice-President's chair of the LIBE Committee, and is lecturing the representatives of Italy, France and other democracies about human rights.
Ladies and gentlemen, an intergovernmental solution is no longer the right approach to foreign affairs, security and defence: instead, we need more Europe.
Ladies and gentlemen, as I take the chair for this sitting, all of you will understand if I express to you my sorrow and consternation at the death of Jorge Semprún, which took place a few hours ago, at the age of 87.
Ladies and gentlemen, based on the Council's recent decision, we are now considering the possibility of making a political declaration for launching the register in June.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we understand innovation simply in terms of new products, processes and services that result in an increase in economic activity, it is essential that we equip ourselves with the instruments to measure our innovation capacity precisely in economic terms and that we do so on the basis of parameters, such as private investment and R&D, employment or the number of innovative companies.
Ladies and gentlemen, imagine what the reaction of the Union would be if Serbia, for example, decided today to grant citizenship en masse to citizens of Bosnia and Herzegovina, or if Albania granted citizenship to citizens of Macedonia. I would like to say one more time that only in a situation where there is mutual respect for values and cooperation can we talk about continuing the joint development of the European Union in the future.
Ladies and gentlemen, let us work together to produce a differentiated text by Thursday and jointly come up with a sensible, sustainable and less showy fisheries policy.
Ladies and gentlemen, my assessment of the functioning of the European Development Fund may be strict, but I think that it is a fair one. I believe that my report considers a great many avenues for the better management of financial resources for development cooperation and I would therefore urge you to adopt my report with a large majority.
Ladies and gentlemen, on 4 June, we commemorated the 22nd anniversary of two important events.
Ladies and gentlemen, the current trends pose a threat to the future of the EU and to the prosperity and well-being of Europeans.
Ladies and gentlemen, the reason why we are meeting with the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy this morning is that we sought to give Europe a voice and a face under the Treaty of Lisbon.
Ladies and gentlemen, the truth is that without European funding for foreign and defence policies, the European Union would have remained in the wings instead of at the centre of the world stage.
Ladies and gentlemen, this month sees the 70th anniversary of mass deportations carried out by the Soviet authorities from the Baltic States, which they had occupied since 1940.
Ladies and gentlemen, we need to understand that these stress tests are just the beginning of an extensive dialogue on this issue, because only after evaluating the tests will we be able to see the true state of the nuclear power sector in Europe. I am confident that the data from the stress tests will prepare us for a new round of talks on this issue, where we will discuss a new safety policy for the European Union in this field.
Ladies and gentlemen, written declaration 0003/2011 submitted by Mrs Jordan Cizelj, Mrs Gomes, Mrs Lepage, Mrs Morkūnaitė-Mikulėnienand Mr Tarand on Cleanup in Europe and Let's do it World 2012 has been signed by the majority of Parliament's component Members.
Ladies and gentlemen, you will forgive me for not going any further, because colleagues from my group and fellow Members from other groups have expressed the same opinions. I just want to make four points, which could be seen as levers to help you act, elements to support you in making the common foreign and security policy ever more worthy of this name.
Language acquisition is the basis of logical thinking and contextual understanding.
Large urban areas are also the main centres of innovation, knowledge and science, and are home to the majority of productive activities, which generate wealth and contribute to economic growth.
Large-scale unemployment, migration from North Africa, terrorism, organised crime and people-trafficking have provided us with problems far more complex than those envisaged in the policies for free movement of European citizens.
Last Friday, I co-chaired with Secretary-General Rasmussen the meeting of the PSC Committee and the North Atlantic Council in our first ever discussion on Libya.
Last Friday, meanwhile, by a decision of the Spanish Constitutional Court, Bildu was allowed to stand for election. I very much welcome this decision and wish to express my hope that the elections held on 22 May in the Basque Country will be conducted in accordance with all international standards relating to democracy and electoral law.
Last but not least, I should mention that in the EU, there is an extreme imbalance in terms of financial allocation, with the results indicating that the old Member States absorb the majority of the financial resources.
Last but not least, I would like to remind you that we need to be able to implement the Europe 2020 strategy within the Seventh Framework Programme for research; we cannot wait until the next one.
Last but not least, I would like to talk about the accession of Croatia.
Last but not least, at a global level, in October 2010, the Financial Stability Board issued a number of principles aimed at reducing the dependency of financial institutions on credit ratings.
Last but not least, extended, simplified and more accessible funding options would undoubtedly assist the successful implementation of the above aims.
Last but not least, in reply to Mr Verhofstadt, it is unwise to single out any one Member State when there are a number of Member States which are net contributors to the budget. I would urge very strongly that we should have a limit on the net contribution of Member States as a percentage of GDP because, looking forward, it is unrealistic to think you can get Member States' approval when their net contributions are doubling at a time of significant austerity.
Last but not least, the Agreement will allow important savings not only for the aviation industry, but also efficiency gains for the airlines themselves, as they will now be able to use repair and maintenance facilities approved by the parties to the Agreement.
Last but not least, the European Council is likely to endorse the EU Strategy for the Danube Region and the EU Framework of National Roma Integration Strategies, thus realising two further priorities of the Hungarian Presidency.
Last but not least, the European Research Council does an excellent job, and the work that it funds should be made widely available to the public as quickly as possible. I would like to expressly thank Mr Audy once again for supporting small and medium-sized enterprises, and as Mr Correia De Campos also said, the 'Eurostars' programme could become one of the major projects of the future.
Last but not least, the accession of Bulgaria and Romania to the Schengen area is part of assuming responsibility, which both states did in 2004, to meet the conditions which have subsequently turned out to be fulfilled according to the European Commission's evaluation reports.
Last but not least, the macro-financial assistance granted by the EU supplements the other financial instruments and aid granted to Georgia by the IMF, as well as by international and bilateral donors, providing Georgia with short-term macro-economic support.
Last but not least, these measures support innovation and the wider use of new technologies, which is an absolute must for the European economy's competitiveness, as was also emphasised in the Single Market Act.
Last night's vote in the Greek Parliament allows the government to build consensus in support of the reform package, agreed with the European Union and IMF, of fiscal measures, privatisations and reforms that are necessary in Greece's journey back to growth.
Last week in Ireland, forest fires - on a scale not seen for a long time - caused severe destruction on lands in Donegal, Sligo and other regions of the country.
Last week, I attended the proceedings in Poland against Mr Cor Disselkoen - his name has been mentioned already today.
Last week, Mr Tőkés, Vice-President of the European Parliament, hosted the official inauguration of an office representing the Székely Region, which does not exist in Romania, in the Hungarian House of Regions.
Last week, the Commission presented a communication on a more structured approach to migration, referring, inter alia, to a proposal on a reinforced Schengen governance system.
Last year exports of agricultural products from my country were worth EUR 2.6 billion, and farmers in Lithuania account for 7.1% of the entire workforce, whereas the EU average is 4.8%. The CAP must help us build competitive, sustainable farms and a vibrant rural economy.
Last year the Commission and the other EU institutions reflected on the fact that we have not met our biodiversity targets.
Last year, 2010, we reviewed the existing situation of volunteering, through bilateral meetings, surveys and a dedicated conference in September 2010.
Last year, a Commission study came to the conclusion that the best option would be a legal instrument governing the criteria for inspections, but no proposal was put forward, although Commissioner Potočnik has said that the implementation of EU environmental legislation is his priority.
Last year, the Commission put forward proposals to preserve and strengthen the Schengen evaluation mechanism as a central element in the acquis of our common project, and I want to emphasise that last year - i.e. well before the recent developments - the Commission had already identified some problems in the governance of Schengen.
Last year, the EIB raised EUR 80 billion at average rates of between 3% and 3.5%. It is rates like those that would enable Member States under pressure to overcome the crisis and to return to the path of financial stability.
Last year, we also tabled two legislative proposals: one in March, a directive on child online exploitation, was adopted by the Commission and I know it is now being negotiated, and also a proposal for directives on attacks against information cybersystems.
Last year, we established a new Subcommittee on Justice, Freedom, Security and Human Rights and Democracy.
Lasting and cohesive restoration of growth in the European economy necessarily depends on the restoration of confidence in the banking sector and the restoration of a financial system in general that functions smoothly and transparently and resumes its basic role as a source of finance for the real economy.
Lastly - and this might also be of interest to the Commission too - the Civil Liberties Committee strongly believes that a substantial part of the SIS II budget should be put into reserve as there is still no clear result.
Lastly, Commissioner, I would like to mention the issue of imports.
Lastly, I am also hopeful that South Sudan will live up to its promise and be the first African Union country to re-recognise the stable and democratic Republic of Somaliland as an independent country also.
Lastly, I believe that high quality education and training are indispensable for meeting the demands of the modern labour market.
Lastly, I congratulate the Agency for having set up an Internal Audit Capability (IAC) to conduct internal audits and advise the Executive Director on risk management and internal control systems by issuing independent opinions and recommendations.
Lastly, I echo Mr Kazak in saying that the sustainable development chapter must include social and environmental commitments and, in particular, social and environmental responsibility on the part of large multinationals.
Lastly, I entirely agree with Mr Verhofstadt: I commend you in all your efforts to stabilise the Middle East and North African countries and, in particular, your condemnation of the killing of Christians in Egypt, but why, as Mr Verhofstadt has pointed out, has President Assad of Syria been left off the EU sanctions list after the brutal killing of innocent civilian protesters by his forces in recent days?
Lastly, I hope that the adoption of this report will be an important step towards achieving the goal of a European energy plan.
Lastly, I must emphasise the exceptional work carried out by the Council on this issue, especially by András Kármán, who worked closely with us, and Commissioner Rehn, who also played an invaluable part in the whole process.
Lastly, I repeat the call for the Commission to supply Parliament with a constant flow of information and to submit reports analysing the strengths and weaknesses of existing agreements on a regular basis. I believe, in fact, that this would enable Parliament to assess future agreements more effectively.
Lastly, I should also like to express my concern about the message that has been sent out, aimed at instituting a response mechanism that will enable re-establishment of the Union's internal borders in certain extraordinary circumstances.
Lastly, I should like to congratulate my compatriot, Mrs Ferreira, on all her commitment and dedication, which has not always been easy but is clearly commendable.
Lastly, I should like to draw attention to the fact that the exponential use of the radio spectrum has public health implications, too. I know that this is not the subject of the report, but I believe that we will have to monitor this issue very closely because our fellow citizens are affected.
Lastly, I should like to point out that the triangle of knowledge, education and research - on which the future of the cohesion policy rests - can only be consolidated in Europe through a steadfast commitment to research.
Lastly, I should like to point out that, although the amendment of this directive will have a significant environmental impact, it will generate major economic benefits, enabling EU manufacturers to overcome this time of crisis and, at the same time, to comply with the limits laid down by European law for environmental protection purposes.
Lastly, I should like to say to Mr Seeber that, as far as I am aware, Mr Potočnik promised to present that communication on the implementation and enforcement of EU law and he is in the process of drafting it.
Lastly, I should like to stress the need to strongly oppose speculation by the international markets on food prices: I consider it unacceptable for high finance to be able to influence at will a strategic sector such as this, which ensures people's food supply and very survival.
Lastly, I should like to voice my support for two powerful ideas upheld by the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats): the power conferred on the European Commission to adopt delegated acts should be reviewed every five years, and a verification clause should be introduced - the verification clause being the second powerful idea in this regulation.
Lastly, I welcome the proposal to set specific requirements for national fiscal frameworks, strengthening the enforcement mechanisms for the euro area Member States.
Lastly, I would insist that effective safeguard measures be available to prevent any surge in imports resulting from the possible liberalisation of trade between the EU and Japan that may cause, or threaten to cause, serious injury to EU industry.
Lastly, I would like to congratulate the Centre for submitting to the Court of Auditors a comparison of its operations carried out in the course of 2008 and 2009, allowing the discharge authority to make a better evaluation of the performance of the Centre from one year to the next.
Lastly, I would like to highlight Parliament's power to act on its own initiative or at the request of a Member State to invite the President of the Council, the Commission and, where justified, the President of the Euro Group to appear before the relevant parliamentary committee to discuss the decision declaring non-compliance.
Lastly, a word on the rumours circulating about the possibility of 'ethnic cleansing' in the region.
Lastly, creativity, innovation and entrepreneurship should be encouraged, so that Europe's young people and workers can broaden their knowledge and thus adapt to the needs of the economy.
Lastly, for the future, we propose in this report to double the amount of research funding in order to create this European research area, with the help of the European Research Council.
Lastly, it is essential to look at the ways to make rating agencies subject to civil liability for their ratings. I would therefore ask the Commission to identify the ways in which rating agencies could be held liable under the civil law of the Member States.
Lastly, it is important to develop transparent and efficient instruments that can help farmers to run short production chains, promote quality and provide information to consumers, thereby promoting fair and transparent price formation.
Lastly, it is the WTO, above all, that we are asking - as we did in Geneva during the recent Interparliamentary Assembly - quickly to adopt mechanisms that will enable international trade rules to respond swiftly and flexibly to emergencies in a country hit by unforeseen disasters.
Lastly, let me remind the Member States that any money which is not spent will be returned to them at the end of the year.
Lastly, since we are talking about savings, I should also like us to clean up and reorganise the system for reimbursing sponsored visitors groups. I do not think it is very moral to reimburse the group leader in cash on the day of the visit without making any effort to check how much the group has spent.
Lastly, the Commission must investigate allegations about 61 migrants being left to die, despite their making contact with Italian coastguards, a NATO warship and a military helicopter.
Lastly, the Member States must coordinate their positions in the United Nations Human Rights Council so as to establish clear and strict membership criteria, especially for countries where human rights violations are commonplace.
Lastly, the cost of dismantling and the cost of waste disposal should be properly incorporated into the price of nuclear energy, which unfortunately is not the case at present.
Lastly, the food crisis, which has recklessly been blamed on Spanish products, has led to unfair penalties and huge losses for those penalised by the Eurovignette: freight carriers and prime crop farmers.
Lastly, there is the dreadful security situation in the Darfur region and the government's unilateral wish to organise a referendum on its status on 1 July 2011.
Lastly, this specific aspect of the EGF calls for it to be regarded as a permanent fund in its own right, with sufficient payment appropriations to ensure that no transfers have to be made in order to mobilise it.
Lastly, we agree with the Committee on Budgets that the design and implementation of all framework programmes must be based on the principles of simplicity, stability, legal certainty, consistency, excellence and trust, while also strengthening links between European institutions for research and industry.
Lastly, we believe that strengthening economic governance should go hand in hand with reinforcing the democratic legitimacy of European governance, and that the role of the European Parliament should be strengthened in the whole surveillance process.
Lastly, we believe that the Commission should have a stronger and more independent role in the surveillance procedure as regards assessments that are specific to each Member State, monitoring, missions, recommendations, warnings and sanctions.
Lastly, we believe that the requirements for national budgetary frameworks should be designed in such a way as to encourage Member States and leave them room for manoeuvre for development-oriented public investments, such as in education and training, contributing to the achievement of the EU's growth and employment objectives.
Lastly, we maintain that it is important to open negotiations with important trading partners in Asia, including the People's Republic of China and India, since the economic growth of that entire region makes such agreements ever more significant from the point of view of developing world trade.
Lastly, we maintain that the fines collected from the Member States which fail to comply with their respective recommendations should be used in support of the EU's long-term investment and job targets.
Lastly, we need to ensure that the budget for the policy is maintained ... (The speaker concluded off-microphone)
Lastly, we think that the Council should obtain Parliament's consent before signing any further international commercial agreements, and that Parliament should be kept informed throughout all phases of the procedure in order to guarantee greater democratic control.
Lastly, when establishing the principle, no thought has been given to the impact of this measure on traffic flows and, hence, on existing concessions, meaning that there is a risk of the traffic going elsewhere.
Later on we are going to talk with you about the stress tests, in other words the safety analyses for the 143 nuclear power plants. I would encourage you to stick to your principles.
Later, in 2009 an agreement was adopted in Rome, and the intention now is to approve it on behalf of the EU.
Launched in Budapest on 29 April, Youth at Work will bring together small and medium-sized enterprises and young job seekers and will provide information and support to inspire young people to set up their own businesses.
Leading up to the discussions today are the months of painstaking work by Mr Audy, the shadow rapporteurs, the other members of the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy, as well as the members of the Committee on Budgets.
Learning mobility, as well as improving European students' chances of finding a first job, promotes increased European identity and citizenship, and consequently increases young people's involvement in the Union's democratic processes.
Leave that step to the Council; you should defend a European Union, with its policies, priorities, responsibilities, and an adequate budget.
Leaving aside what you said earlier, Baroness Ashton, what further steps will the European Union take to recognise the Palestinian State and champion this idea before the United Nations?
Legal certainty remains, however, a relative term as long as the transition of the investment protection regime is not completed and expiry dates are not set for Member States' existing BITs. A transition period is therefore necessary to manage this change and, in order to avoid legal vacuums, the regulation in question leaves the management of the Treaties to the Member States.
Legal certainty will, however, remain a relative term as long as the transition of the investment protection regime is not completed, and given validity terms of existing BITs of Member States under international public law. I am voting for the report, with the caveat that there is a need to continue debating the matter so that it will have a better legal framework.
Legislating in this field of policy is particularly difficult because the technologies involved change and advance so rapidly and so much, which means that we are always playing catch-up rather than legislating ahead of the game.
Legislation coming from Europe has a massive impact on the lives of those living within its borders and we must use every opportunity to ensure this legislation is as fair and balanced as possible.
Less polluting vehicles will remain exempt. I voted against this report's proposal as I believe it will harm the outlying Member States.
Less than one third of the EU's population has a higher education degree, compared with over 40% in the United States and over 50% in Japan, so Europe must increase these numbers in order to be able to make itself more competitive in an ever-increasing global economy.
Lest we forget, investments are necessary to avoid the efforts made so far being thwarted, because only investment can affect the proper functioning of the mechanism and European competitiveness.
Let me also add that last year, an agreement was reached at the G20 summit in Seoul in Korea to reduce European representation in relative terms on the IMF Board by two seats, so as to increase the voice and representation of emerging market economies.
Let me also be very clear as regards data protection and data exclusivity for pharmaceutical products.
Let me also disapprove of the fact that at paragraph 31, the report stresses that no European directive enforcing respect for corporate social responsibility should be adopted. I insist on the need to move towards more social justice and to ensure workers' rights are respected worldwide, particularly in our dealings with developing countries.
Let me also point out that a compromise reached in the Council on 10 November was based on subjecting seven textile and clothing products to tariff rate quotas rather than full liberalisation.
Let me also reassure you that the Commission will conduct an annual impact assessment on the autonomous trade preferences granted to Pakistan and present it to Parliament and the Council, and that is another reason not to reduce the duration of application of this instrument.
Let me also remind you that in January, the Council adopted restrictive measures comprising a travel ban and an asset freeze.
Let me also say that child labour is a very complex matter and it has always been a very complex matter in our own countries. I remember very well that when I was young, which is, of course, some time ago, but nevertheless not ages, a lot of children were still working specifically in agriculture, so this is not something that completely belongs to the Dark Ages in Europe either.
Let me also say that the amendment to limit it to one year, honestly speaking, to my mind does not make much sense: it would be better for you simply to vote against it.
Let me also take this opportunity to commend the fact that priority has not been given to market interests alone. I note in particular that these new regulations provide consumers with a 14-day withdrawal period after their purchase, with a withdrawal form that is standardised throughout the EU, and that this period can even be extended to one year if the vendor fails to inform the purchaser about the right to withdraw.
Let me also thank the members of the Committee on Budgetary Control of the European Parliament and also their colleagues for their work which has led to today's results.
Let me be clear that we do not question the importance of non-ODA cooperation with developing countries, in particular, the emerging markets and strategic middle-income countries, but this form of cooperation should be channelled through separate instruments to enhance transparency and protect the specific nature of development cooperation.
Let me be very clear on this: infringement of Schengen rules cannot be tolerated, but one element does not exclude the other.
Let me close by mentioning Eurosecurities, which were one of the things that I championed. I would like to make an appeal to all political group leaders: you cannot claim to support Eurosecurities but vote against them.
Let me concentrate on the governance of Schengen because I understand that this is the most important concern here in Parliament.
Let me conclude by reiterating that this negotiation is very important and, I believe, an opportunity we should not miss.
Let me conclude by saying that we need to impose a tax on financial speculation, which would increase our citizens' support for a well-financed Europe.
Let me conclude by thanking the rapporteur, Jo Leinen, the shadow rapporteur, Mr Martin, and all the members of the Committee on the Environment and the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs for their constructive approach and their very valuable contributions.
Let me emphasise once again that the Commission's approach is to reinforce Schengen, to improve the evaluation - as we already proposed before Christmas - to clarify the rules, to identify the tools, to assist Member States in need and, possibly, to introduce a mechanism which would bring a coordinated Community-based response to exceptional situations, for instance, when a Member State fails to control its internal borders.
Let me explain briefly: through the use of origin marking, buyers will be sure they are buying a textile product that is not harmful to their health nor that of their children because the labelling will comply with all the rules of this important regulation which, at the cost of significant sacrifices, European institutions have imposed on all industries in this sector.
Let me express hope that you will agree with the judgment of President Buzek, who recently said 'after the Hungarian Presidency Europe will be stronger and better'.
Let me focus on some specific points: I have written a letter to the members of the European Council outlining the positions of the Commission on what I believe are the most important items on the agenda, and I would like to share our positions with you.
Let me give you an example of what could happen: in Belgium, they improved the engines in their fleet after the last crisis and now they have reduced spending on fuel in their fleets by 20 percent.
Let me give you the raw and scary statistics: in 1974, the nations of Western Europe accounted for 36% of world GDP; today it is 26%; in 2020 it will be 15%. While we are worrying about early years learning, putting out all our propaganda about drawing Europe together, and producing The Raspberry Ice Cream War, and while our children are being encouraged to read the unintentionally hilarious 'Captain Euro', our part of the world is being overtaken by more virile countries that have learned the benefits of decentralisation and the dispersal of power.
Let me just offer my sincere thanks to the Commission and our rapporteur once again.
Let me just underline that between 2005 and 2009, almost 55 000 European Arrest Warrants were issued, about 12 000 were executed, and during that period, roughly 60% of the requested persons consented to their surrender, on average within 14 to 17 days.
Let me just, in the final minutes I have got, kill off a few of the myths which have grown up. I am not looking for a Security Council seat. I looked for proper status for the EU on the UN General Assembly, and we got that with nobody opposed to it, and honourable Members will know that took a lot of work, and I pay tribute to all of those involved, but we now have that stronger voice.
Let me make a few comments on the particular issue - which is still open -of the extension of reverse qualified majority voting.
Let me make it clear: a right-thinking Member State such as the Netherlands will never be able to agree with this report. MEPs with a fresh, freedom-loving vision should throw this report straight in the bin.
Let me mention among them, firstly, the Arab revolutions, a process of deep transformation which affects virtually the whole Arab world.
Let me now look at the practical issues raised by the question and first explain the Commission's role in the ILO negotiations on a new convention and recommendation on decent work.
Let me now turn to some of the amendments that have been proposed. I will not go into detail on all of them, but let me highlight the most important ones. I know that there are requests for making the granting of autonomous trade preferences conditional upon Pakistan respecting certain fundamental principles. I understand the concerns that may exist in that respect, and you are aware that human rights issues are an integral element of our long-term relationship with Pakistan.
Let me now turn to the Middle East. I believe that withholding of taxes collected in Palestine by the Israeli Government is an ill-inspired action, and what is more, it is inconsistent first to demand that the authorities of the West Bank and Gaza should find an arrangement - an agreement - and when the agreement comes, to take this decision then.
Let me now turn to the two agencies for which our committee is proposing to postpone the discharge: CEPOL and EMEA.
Let me quote the honourable Italian Member Mr Iacolino, who called it 'patrimonia della civilta europea,' 'our common European heritage', or Mrs Kinga Gál, who said that free movement is the most tangible result of the unity of the EU.
Let me recall some of the elements on which there was clear agreement and which, if adopted, would bring many improvements to the legislation currently in place: a centralised procedure for approval of novel foods which streamlines the authorisation process while maintaining food safety; a definition of 'nanomaterials' and the obligation for pre-market approval, and a labelling requirement for all food ingredients containing nanomaterials; a simplified procedure applicable to traditional foods from third countries, to facilitate EU market access for these products; and the need for food business operators to share scientific data, where tests on animals are involved, in order to limit animal testing where possible.
Let me recall that Argentinian GDP collapsed by almost half over five years.
Let me recall that the European Court of Auditors, in a recent special report on impact assessments in the EU institutions, has confirmed that the Commission's impact assessment system 'has been effective in supporting decision making within the EU institutions' and in raising the quality of our proposals.
Let me remind you that Russia is the only external partner with whom the European Union holds two annual summits.
Let me remind you that the European budget has always been balanced, unlike national budgets, which, for the most part, have serious deficits.
Let me run through these three priorities, the added value, to begin with.
Let me say that I do not have any animosity towards the US. I have only admiration for a US which defends the rule of law and human rights, and for a US that distinguishes itself from terrorists whose aim is indeed to detract from the rule of law and to violate democracy and human rights.
Let me say that many of the Member States already comply with large parts of this directive, but implementing this minimum series of requirements will introduce discipline and restore confidence, and is a first small step back on the path to stability in public finances.
Let me stop there, because I think tonight is all about hearing what the Members of Parliament have to say, so that after the debate, when we go away with the report, we will be able to respond to those comments.
Let me stress that such cultural exchanges with the outside world will be beneficial not only for them, but also for us, because we are enriching our culture, our knowledge, and our values in the world.
Let me thank Mr Rivellini on my part, and also specifically the European Court of Auditors; the work of this institution was indispensable for the preparation of the reports on the table.
Let me turn now to the Lux film prize: Mr Itälä has made several comments on this prize in his report and, by the way, I congratulate him on the work that he has done. I have to say that my group sets great store by the Lux prize; though we are now most certainly prepared to take on board a number of critical comments about the functioning of the prize, we do consider it valuable that the European Parliament is supporting this project, because that means valuable film projects are getting support.
Let me use my allotted time, Commissioner, to draw your attention to the fact - in my opinion, a serious one - that the legislation relating to credit rating agencies, which has now entered into force, has not been applied, and that the authorities to which these agencies submitted their files did not take steps to inform them of the requirements of the agreement.
Let the people decide.
Let us also follow up on this by truly taking the steps that the knowledge provided by this measure makes possible.
Let us be clear about this: we are in a crisis that was brought about by neoliberalism and by the blind trust that governments and the EU placed in deregulated markets.
Let us be clear: the suggestion of a 5% increase is completely unacceptable and the idea of so-called own resources is equally unacceptable - it is just a power-grab by the EU. The budget should be modernised, funds should be reallocated to programmes which actually deliver future benefits and not cover up past failures.
Let us be honest, we do not have a global comprehensive approach to this current crisis.
Let us be very open and call this by its name: it was a ping-pong game by two governments, and by Berlusconi and Sarkozy, on the back of refugees who are, in fact, in trouble.
Let us bear in mind that Romania and Bulgaria adopted the Schengen acquis (data protection, Schengen Information System, air, land and sea borders, police cooperation and visas) when they joined the European Union in 2007.
Let us change our economic model, move towards a sustainable model and create jobs.
Let us consider allergic reactions and chemical substances - we are witnessing increasing numbers of consumers developing allergic reactions when wearing certain clothes or eating, smelling or inhaling certain products.
Let us emphasise that these should be jobs with good conditions and decent pay.
Let us ensure that this tragedy is not a terrible waste, too, by learning important lessons from it: we need to decide on the best ways of implementing a robust cross-border traceability system and establish a European communication unit and a crisis management unit.
Let us express our deepest respect for all of the victims of expulsions and deportations, but let us be united in committing ourselves to continuing European unification as the only real guarantee against a policy that brought so much misery to the people of Europe and beyond during the last century.
Let us finally equalise direct payments fairly, and let us not create a two-speed Europe. I should like to address the French Members of the House in particular to remind them of the slogan of 'liberty, equality, fraternity' which adorned the banners of the French revolution.
Let us get the information.
Let us help Pakistan, yes; not, however, with the Commission's original proposal, as it does not take into account the effects on European industry as regards implementation deadlines for sensitive products, and would even delay the implementation of these measures because it is not the same as the text awaiting WTO approval: we would miss the deadline.
Let us hope that the Commission is able to explore new avenues, concrete proposals, so as to be able to use the EFF to help the hardest-hit sections of the fleet, which are small-scale and artisanal coastal fishers, and those operating from remote ports.
Let us hope that the referendum will bring the conflict to an end and that we are finally entering into a process for a lasting peace.
Let us just look at the subjects of some of these reports: indications or marks identifying the lot to which a foodstuff belongs; approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to units of measurement; permissible sound level and exhaust system of motor vehicles; narrow-track wheeled agricultural and forestry tractors; controls of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors; braking devices of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors; driving position and the doors and windows of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors; rear-mounted roll-over protection structures; excise duty applied to manufactured tobacco; denominations and technical specifications of euro coins; textile names and related labelling of textile products ... and I could go on.
Let us look at how we can improve the current system within the means that we have. I would strongly urge the Commission to take robust action to improve its programme management and to achieve savings.
Let us look at the current Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF). The EU's expansion to 12 new countries, generally with lower levels of development than the average for the 15 previous Member States, has brought undeniable challenges and demands in terms of realising the principle of economic and social cohesion.
Let us merge where we are strong; let us in Europe bring together the spirit of research, Einstein and Steve Jobs.
Let us monitor closely the Commission's commitment to welcoming the important proposals of this report, in the belief that a full appreciation of the central role of the urban dimension in EU politics constitutes an indispensable condition for its success.
Let us not forget either that not all uses are necessarily commercial in nature and therefore do not necessarily yield a profit - I am thinking of the use of the spectrum for cultural or public service purposes, for instance.
Let us not forget that Europe - which is ranked third among the world's fishing powers - has been working for years to ensure that Member States and third countries respect the rules, in order to guarantee a sustainable fishing market and protect the marine environment from possible damage.
Let us not forget that cohesion policy is a long-term mechanism; therefore, beginning to work on solid ground, establishing precise goals and allocating clear competences to each level of governance are factors of progress which will produce visible results only in the second part of the programming period.
Let us not forget that every third European Union citizen has no professional qualifications.
Let us not forget that the European Union, which set up the Chernobyl Shelter Fund, has contributed most in financial terms in the fight to mitigate the effects of the Chernobyl disaster.
Let us not forget that this is against a backdrop where the Galileo satellite project started off with a budget of EUR 7.7 billion and is now projected to cost EUR 22.6 billion.
Let us not forget the significant contribution the creative sector makes not only to the development of information and communication technologies, but to economic and social innovation as well.
Let us not forget, however, that these slogans must be backed up by practical measures, and that the appropriate legislative decisions must be taken and laws implemented which will contribute to the achievement of the objectives which have been mentioned, namely, the objectives of the Europe 2020 strategy.
Let us not prolong these inequalities contrary to the spirit of the EU accession negotiations, and let us not damage the credibility of the EU in the eyes of some of its citizens.
Let us not, therefore, ignore this reality that investment is urgently needed: all the more so if the shameful and obscurantist intervention plan drawn up by the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the European Central Bank (ECB) and European Commission is implemented.
Let us now consider the question of own resources or maybe another time.
Let us put it frankly: Iceland was one of the richest countries in the world in per capita terms before the financial crisis.
Let us recall that in the final analysis, fiscal solvency requires stabilising and then reducing the government debt ratio - i.e. achieving a primary structural surplus and achieving a debt-stabilising level.
Let us recall that the conclusion of trade relationships with our strategic partners will enable the EU to have added value of 1% of gross domestic product (GDP) by 2020, which was EUR 120 billion in 2010, benefiting consumers and businesses alike.
Let us remember that the EGF was created as a separate specific instrument with its own objectives and deadlines, and as such deserves a dedicated allocation superseding transfers from unused budget lines which could be detrimental to the achievement of the various policies' objectives.
Let us remember that there are people in need of protection at Europe's doors, doors which remain closed to them under the false pretexts of cost and abuse.
Let us remember that, as is said in the report, 7% of EU gross domestic product (GDP) depends on the use of the Global Positioning System (GPS), reinforcing the need for an autonomous satellite navigation system.
Let us remember, therefore, that the transport sector around the Union not only represents excessive noise or CO2 emissions but also represents, above all, hundreds of thousands of jobs and an important component of GDP in many Member States.
Let us renew the spirit of Europe according to the ideas of Robert Schuman, so that the successes we have had so far in our common project do not fall by the wayside.
Let us see something, as we move forward, that offers preventative justice for EU citizens and small businesses; that really gives us an instrument which means justice for growth.
Let us send a strong signal to the European Commission and Europe's agricultural producers, showing our support for a fairer, simpler and more flexible CAP.
Let us spend the money, but let us change the policy.
Let us stop carping about the 2.5% of public spending with which we are supposed to maintain the whole apparatus required to implement the 2020 strategy and to fulfil all the responsibilities accorded to us under the Treaty of Lisbon.
Let us think about what the consequences of debt restructuring could be. Of course, we are talking about a counterfactual situation, as are the proponents of debt restructuring, but we have enough understanding of the channels of impact on financial stability and economic activity to make a likely and most possible scenario.
Let us work for a more autonomous, EU-centred foreign and security strategy, because that is what European citizens expect from us and that is what we should deliver to them.
Let us, then, acknowledge the efforts that both institutions - ours well represented by Mr Welle - are making so that we can have a procedure suitable for the 21st century, and institutions that must be transparent and respond to the European public's expectations.
Liabilities between the central banks amounting to more than EUR 400 billion have accumulated in the TARGET2 accounts of the European Central Bank system.
Libya has, in any case, shown that the EU is not a military power: our actions have been dependent on the independent initiatives of the Member States.
Lifting these barriers means respect for the EU's fundamental principles such as the free movement of persons and solidarity.
Like all experiments, if it were to be successful, the practice would spread.
Like all policies which work on the principle that 'prevention is better than cure', early years learning is also relatively cost-effective to deliver. I congratulate the rapporteur on a comprehensive report which raises some key points for further discussion and action.
Like many of my fellow Members, Commissioner, I was informed by the press that the European Commission is planning to drastically cut funding for the Most Deprived Persons (MDP) programme.
Like many, I thought it was basically a babysitting service, but now I know that it is the best investment and it gives the best return for investment in education at any level.
Like other colleagues, I wish to express my own concern, not least at today's rumours that President Barroso is looking to make swingeing cuts to the budget and Pillar Two in particular.
Like other speakers, I would like to emphasise the importance of an adequate budget for the new CAP. I believe that it is hugely important to base our budget on the arguments around food security.
Like the Audiovisual Media Services Directive, the Small Business Act Review does not learn the lessons of the Monti report for re-establishing citizens' confidence in the European Union.
Like the Commission earlier, I find it absurd that Russia should place an embargo on products that we consume every day and on which we carry out thorough checks. I think Russia's reaction is more of a political move, like many we have already seen in the past. I believe that my thoughts on this matter, including in my capacity as a member of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, will be shared by fellow Members.
Like the other Members on the Committee, we were extremely alienated by the Council's impossible behaviour towards Parliament and by how, at the beginning, it even refused to allow us to review the documents.
Like the rapporteur, I regret that there is no single definition of a 'social clause' which would be usable not in bilateral trade agreements, but in the creation of decent employment conditions for workers.
Like the rapporteur, I support the Commission's Action Plan for the development of EGNOS and Galileo, which is based on nine horizontal measures with an immediate transport application.
Likewise, I consider unacceptable the lack of investigation of the former Director in relation to his responsibilities concerning College appropriations that have been used to finance private expenditure.
Likewise, as regards the three reports on the Stability and Growth Pact: a common euro, and in addition we need limits in Europe on deficits and debt.
Likewise, there is a very great need for information at a comparable level across a wide range of forestry-related issues such as employment, stocks, biomass, fires, soil and forest carbon information and trends, forest health, biodiversity and water protection, and each institution lays great emphasis on finding means to achieve this.
Likewise, we must protect the major advance made in relation to engineered nanomaterials and traditional food from third countries as well as similar, important issues. I believe that what we eat is important to all of us, and the kind of nourishment our children and grandchildren grow up on is even more important. I would like to take this opportunity of thanking the Commissioner and his organisational units for the hard work they have done over the last few months. I also welcome the fact that the Commission - as it has unofficially informed us - is working on drafting a new proposal at an accelerated pace, striving to preserve as many elements of the provisional agreement reached during the recent negotiations as possible in the new legislative proposal.
Likewise, we need to make it clear to developing countries that FDI can only improve living standards if the fundamental institutional requirements are met, such as clear property rights, the independence of the legal system, and political stability. I believe there is a lack of honesty in relation to this pseudo-humanitarian development aid.
Likewise, we support the establishment of independent budgetary offices, national fiscal rules and mandatory multi-year budgeting to provide greater economic and monetary stability.
Limiting European citizens' freedom of movement by introducing some new restrictions, albeit temporary, and imposing on Romania and Bulgaria additional criteria to those in the Schengen Agreement will result in undermining European unity. I believe in a powerful Europe that shows solidarity and I am one of the supporters of the vision promoted by the EU Hungarian Presidency, expressed by the slogan 'Strong Europe'. However, looking at the recent developments concerning the future of the Schengen area, I must say that we are on the wrong track.
Limiting direct payments to active farmers is another point on which your expectations and my vision of the future common agricultural policy coincide.
Listen. I can do this extremely slowly but this is how this goes, dear colleagues, I have not changed the way I do the votes every time.
Lithuania cannot allow itself to neglect the agricultural sector.
Lithuania has one of the highest urban suicide rates in the world.
Lithuania's goal of improving transport infrastructure and accessibility (23% of the entire allocation of Structural Fund money), enhancing its R&D capacity (22%), and supporting business creation, depends on cohesion policy.
Little by little, red tape and legislation - which, until recently, nipped in the bud the development of innovative small companies - has been stripped away and young people are starting to see a glimmer of a stable future that is hopefully full of opportunities.
Lobbyists who behave unethically must be publicly exposed and it must be possible for them to be barred.
Long term growth keeps debt falling as a proportion of GDP, and is essential to providing jobs and economic well-being and funding high quality public services.
Longer timeframes, more favourable loans - we believe that there also needs to be a gentle, systematic and secure rescheduling of debt. I believe that it is an expression of the incompetence of the political leadership in the European Union that what we have recognised to be right, namely that private creditors must also share the burden, is not implemented because we are afraid of the credit rating agencies.
Looking at the situation from the perspective of the economic and financial crisis, I think that the strategy proposed in this resolution is a necessity, in particular, the point about achieving greater coherence for the European common external trade policy. I should emphasise how important this legislative revision is in revitalising and stabilising the European Union's economy.
Looking at what we have collectively endorsed with the Europe 2020 strategy, it is clear that what are termed local jobs, namely, those that enable us to take care of our elderly citizens and those that enable women with young children to get back into work, correspond to situations that enable this domestic work to develop.
Looking to the future of the European capitals of culture, the Commission is currently working on renewal of the initiative beyond 2019.
Lorca is a city of 70 000 inhabitants, of whom 20% are immigrants that the city has received, taken in and been able to give a new life with new meaning. I know that together, the old and new residents of Lorca, with help from the institutions and from everybody, will be able to begin a new journey in their lives. I also have to say and call on the European Union not to leave anyone behind and to be able to help those affected, recognise their pain and stand by their side, opening their arms and offering opportunities.
Lord Dartmouth, to a large extent I agree with your view, but we also get indications from our interpreters that they cannot keep up with the pace.
Lost lives clearly cannot be put at the same level as economic problems; that is not what we are doing. I would like to stress, however, that it is not by pointing the finger at the causes - which then turn out not to be the causes - that we will solve the problem.
Lowering school dropout rates and reducing poverty can only be achieved by providing all children with a future paving the way to a better life. I wish to remind you of the importance of early years activities, especially foreign languages.
MEPs have received more than 400 petitions concerning widespread misleading business practices by business directory companies affecting thousands of mostly small businesses.
Madam Ashton, I agree with you that we must not forget the origins from which the European Union was born.
Madam High Representative, I think that it is necessary to establish an institutionalised dialogue on key strategic issues such as energy policy, stability in the Western Balkans and the Caucasus regions, Iran's nuclear dossier or the democratic awakening under way in the Middle East.
Madam President, 2 June 2011 marked the start of the historic Tallinn-Monte Carlo Electric Car Marathon, and today the cars will be reaching Copenhagen.
Madam President, Baroness Ashton will not be surprised if I express disappointment, not in the performance of the European common security and defence policy (CSDP), but in the fact that she still insists on flogging this particular unnecessary and very expensive dead horse.
Madam President, Commissioner de Gucht is currently absent and has asked me to make the following statement in response to the parliamentary question from Vital Moreira.
Madam President, Commissioner, I am delighted that, in advance of the next General Assembly of the International Labour Organisation (ILO), we can debate this welcome initiative of the ILO proposing to the Member States of this organisation a convention supplemented by a recommendation on domestic workers.
Madam President, Commissioner, I would like to thank both Commissioner Šemeta and the rapporteur, Mr Chatzimarkakis, for their truly excellent cooperation.
Madam President, Commissioner, basically, I am wondering why you wanted to make that statement.
Madam President, Commissioner, honourable Members, on behalf of the Presidency and the Council, thank you for the debate. I would like to express my special thanks for the speeches which acknowledged the efforts of the Hungarian Presidency and which recognised these efforts.
Madam President, Commissioner, honourable Members, today's debate is a good occasion for me to present the Presidency's observations on the recently held conciliation on the proposal for a regulation on novel foods.
Madam President, Commissioner, just one topic should be the focus of attention when the summit is held between the European Union and Japan at the end of this month: the disaster that has devastated the people of Japan as a result of earthquakes, the tsunami and continuing radioactive contamination, and the concrete role that can be played by the EU, its Member States and individual citizens in helping to deal with the resulting problems in the short, medium and long term.
Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I am speaking on behalf of Mrs Mazzoni, the chair of the Committee on Petitions, who is unfortunately unable to be with us. No doubt there are more important petitions than this one.
Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I think that we have done a fantastic job in the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development.
Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, first of all, I would like to thank Mr Audy for his excellent cooperation on the review of the framework programme for research.
Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the European Council's request to open negotiations with Japan on the conclusion of a free trade agreement must be assessed very carefully.
Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the resolution tabled by the Committee on International Trade clearly expresses support for the ongoing negotiations with Canada on concluding the comprehensive economic and trade agreement.
Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, today we have an important chance to tackle the growing problem of antibiotic resistance in animals responsibly and with commitment.
Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, we are disappointed that it has not been possible to reach agreement on the Novel Foods Regulation and that therefore, it is not possible to guarantee adequate information for consumers on the foods that we eat or to ensure that Europe has clear, strict rules on foods from cloned animals.
Madam President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, we are going to give our verdict at first reading on the draft radio spectrum policy programme, and I should like to thank the Commission for having supported and transformed this proposal, which was first tabled during our debates on the telecoms package.
Madam President, Commissioner, the first thing that I wish to say is that all the socialist delegates subscribe to the words uttered by Pervenche Berès, Chair of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, and we are very pleased about the position just taken by the Commissioner on this initiative of the International Labour Organisation (ILO).
Madam President, Commissioner, when the independence of yet another African country, South Sudan, is proclaimed on 9 July, another chapter of colonial heritage on this continent will be closed.
Madam President, Fine Gael members have asked me to speak on behalf of all four of us in the EPP on this issue.
Madam President, I am afraid I will be less diplomatic. I have to say to the Commissioner and the representative of the Council: you are again proposing a ban on food from cloned animals but nobody can buy food from cloned animals.
Madam President, I am very grateful for the valuable debate we have had here this evening and I would like to thank all the Members who participated in that valuable debate.
Madam President, I believe that the numerous bilateral agreements between Canada and the Member States are the best foundation on which to build a robust free trade agreement in the commercial arena, thanks to a friendship that we have already experienced in the UN, the G8, NATO and the International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan, a friendship based on the ideals of democracy and freedom that characterise Canada and the European Union.
Madam President, I co-signed this initiative to table an oral question and a resolution in advance of the 20th Japan-EU Summit because I believe that the European Parliament, which will be asked to give its consent to any potential free trade agreement with Japan, should have its say at the earliest possible stage.
Madam President, I had asked to have a clear line from the European Parliament.
Madam President, I have a point of order under Rule 96 by prearrangement with the President, whom I would ask to write to the Formula One Teams Association - including Lotus in my own constituency - which made clear in a letter yesterday that it objected to a rearranged Bahrain Grand Prix on logistical grounds.
Madam President, I have taken careful note of the opinions expressed during the course of this debate. I would like to thank honourable Members for their views and assure them once again that the Commission will continue to work with Parliament, Member States and stakeholders from all sectors in pursuit of the common aim of moving forward as fast as possible with both proposals on novel food and cloning.
Madam President, I have words of sympathy and support for Baroness Ashton: I was watching a BBC programme recently on which you were being interviewed by Jeremy Paxman, who asked you some very pertinent questions and you felt very uncomfortable.
Madam President, I know the European City Guide best and, in spite of attempts to close it down, this menace continues.
Madam President, I should just like to touch upon two points.
Madam President, I should like to make this point to the Vice-President of the Commission/High Representative: Europe's foreign policy currently lacks leadership, boldness and Community method, and this at a time when the Union has more foreign policy instruments at its disposal than ever.
Madam President, I should like to say this to Cathy Ashton: you spoke lucidly of the problems of getting agreement amongst 27 Foreign Ministers.
Madam President, I should like to say this to the Vice-President/High Representative: I appreciate very much what you said in your first speech on your policy and what you have been doing with North Africa - Egypt, Tunisia, Libya - and especially the focus you put on the young people and women there, and your approach to deep democracy that has to be rooted. I think that is essential, and all of us here in this House share that view with you, so I hope this will be successful.
Madam President, I should like to thank the Presidency of Parliament for having allowed this debate to take place, as it was not on the agenda initially.
Madam President, I strongly disagree with all of those who have said that it is not respecting sovereignty if we debate and criticise a Member State's constitution here, or that it would, as somebody has said, be a dangerous precedent and acting outside of European competence.
Madam President, I strongly supported paragraph 25 of this resolution which 'regrets that with the limited increase foreseen for the Progress programme ...', because the Commission committed back in 2010 to reinstate the EUR 20 million that was going from Progress to microfinance and that obviously is not going to happen.
Madam President, I thank my fellow Member from the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) who wants to start a debate with us here about the Hungarian constitution.
Madam President, I think - I hope - that most of us in this House would agree that our preference is for multilateral negotiations and a successful outcome for the Doha Development Round at the WTO.
Madam President, I think it is important for us to have this discussion in the light of the upcoming adoption of an ILO Convention on Domestic Workers. I believe that we in this House should commend the ILO for its excellent work.
Madam President, I think that Mr Leinen put his finger on it. This is a dossier that is finely balanced between the interests of the meat processing industry and the agricultural industry and those of the consumer. I think that is the crux of the problem. I think that we, as Parliament, have done important work here, along with the rapporteur, who I would like to congratulate for all her efforts.
Madam President, I think we all welcome India's growth over the last decade or so, and especially since dumping some of the failed marxist and socialist policies of yesteryear.
Madam President, I voted in favour of postponing the final vote because I think there may be some possibility that we can reach agreement with the Council.
Madam President, I want this afternoon to strongly emphasise the need for the EU to work with South Sudan in democratisation and institution-building.
Madam President, I wanted to speak about the role that sport can play in increasing economic prosperity in our regions.
Madam President, I wish to express my deep concern regarding the medics who have been arrested in Bahrain.
Madam President, I would echo group colleagues and other colleagues in adding my own congratulations to our rapporteur.
Madam President, I would just like to ask for a little clarification from colleagues on that side of the House, because in the debate, you have firmly insisted on the right of every Member State to pass laws as it deems fit, as long as it has a democratic majority, and that those laws should be recognised by other countries.
Madam President, I would like to ask Mr Kirkhope this question because he agrees that the European Arrest Warrant needs review and re-evaluation - my view would be a lot stronger than that, but never mind.
Madam President, I would like to begin by expressing my sincere thanks to my fellow Members in this House and in the delegation for the universal support I received in the negotiations, right until the end. I am also full of admiration for the Hungarian ambassador, who really did all she could, as did Mr Dalli, in fact.
Madam President, I would like to begin by thanking Mr Schlyter, who, as the main rapporteur, created the appropriate framework for the committee's work in building a majority, in order to draw up a proposal which will achieve - and has achieved - a committee majority.
Madam President, I would like to remind Commissioner Füle of his very well-appreciated communication on the European Neighbourhood Policy; and I can hear, Commissioner, that you basically concede that we should apply the same principle to Russia as well, even if Russia is not a part of the Eastern Neighbourhood.
Madam President, I would like to say to Commissioner Rehn that I have been looking at the IMF Charter.
Madam President, I would like to say to the Commissioner that I trust in his sincere efforts to fight nuclear disasters and I trust his sensitivity and objectivity in providing Europe with a safety net against nuclear disasters.
Madam President, I would like to say to the Commissioner that today, the European Union is changing its internal policy regarding nuclear safety but, at the same time, we are beginning work on external energy policy.
Madam President, I would like to thank Mr Audy for his excellent report.
Madam President, I would like to thank all those who were involved in this fascinating debate, for, although the issue may seem to be a very technical one, at the end of the day, it is a mainstream issue because radio spectrum is like water or fresh air.
Madam President, I would like to thank colleagues for the very rich debate on the FTA negotiations with India.
Madam President, I would like to thank our wonderful Commissioner for her strong commitment to research, and I would also like to thank the rapporteur. I have the privilege of acting as rapporteur for the Committee on Budgets on matters relating to research and I have a few brief comments from our committee.
Madam President, I would like to thank the Chair of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development for bringing this issue up.
Madam President, I would like to underline what Mrs Bowles has said: we are hoping to find a final agreement on the report before our plenary session in July.
Madam President, I would say that, among the most disadvantaged regions of the European Union are the outermost regions which, as well as lagging behind, combine permanent disadvantages, such as remoteness, smaller markets, insularity and vulnerability to the vagaries of the weather.
Madam President, I would simply like to touch upon the question that has been raised by several Members of this Parliament on compatibility with EU policies.
Madam President, I, too, would like to thank the rapporteur and the Commissioner.
Madam President, Mr Andor, ladies and gentlemen, I understand from what you have said, Mr Andor, that the European Commission is obviously taking notice of this subject. I also conclude that it is being handled with too much restraint.
Madam President, Mr Becsey, Commissioner Šemeta, President Caldeira, ladies and gentlemen, the regional policy budget remains the Achilles heel of the European Union general budget.
Madam President, Mr De Gucht, ladies and gentlemen, I would also like to thank the rapporteur, Mr Schlyter, for his hard work and for trying, in the spirit of the European Parliament, to find a satisfactory compromise for all sides, and looking for the best solution and developing this on a cooperative basis.
Madam President, Mr Oettinger, so far, the debate has gone as I expected it to, but not as I wanted it to. Initially after Fukushima, you moved in the right direction and set yourself objectives which included a comprehensive, in-depth investigation of all the risks presented by European nuclear power stations on the basis of what we had learnt at the time from Fukushima.
Madam President, Mr Stoyanov, I would encourage you to read the Union Treaties and the Rules of Procedure of this House, which state that we, being elected by the European citizens, should represent our own Member States and citizens, and the 500 million citizens of the European Union as a whole.
Madam President, Mrs Geoghegan-Quinn, ladies and gentlemen, we are gathered here to evaluate the Seventh Framework Programme for research (2007-2013), which has a budget of EUR 51 billion.
Madam President, Mrs Győri, Mr Dalli, ladies and gentlemen, I have been involved in many negotiation processes here in Parliament, but the 12 hours of this conciliation procedure, which lasted from 19:00 to 07:00 the next morning, will remain in my memory for a long time.
Madam President, Ms Sippel described the European Arrest Warrant as a baby.
Madam President, a billion here, a billion there, and pretty soon we are talking real money.
Madam President, according to a report from the International Labour Organisation, domestic work represents around 5% of the total number of jobs.
Madam President, after two long years of hard work, the Novel Foods Regulation has collapsed in disarray because a suitable agreement on the cloning issue could not be found.
Madam President, all the speeches made by the Members who have spoken before me - whom I thank, starting with the rapporteur - as well as the documentation presented by the rapporteur herself, which underlines the fact that our proposals, had they been accepted, would not have unleashed a trade war, have shown that there was no collective failure, and I repeat this to the Hungarian Presidency without wishing to be polemical.
Madam President, an EU-Japan free trade agreement clearly has the potential to create significant numbers of European jobs and to benefit European companies, and the reason for that is that EU penetration of the Japanese market is currently extremely modest by comparison with EU exports elsewhere.
Madam President, are we really surprised that we did not reach agreement? Certainly, my view from the outside was that there were too many differences around the table, and I am not sure that starting at 7 p.m. a meeting which was doomed to fail at 7 a.m. was such a great idea, but we still have to resolve this particular problem and perhaps dividing the legislation into two parts might achieve it.
Madam President, as Chair of Parliament's Committee on International Trade, it falls to me to table an oral question to the Commission concerning the negotiation of an economic and trade agreement with Canada.
Madam President, as I have already had the opportunity to state to both the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety and the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, I cannot but express my disappointment at the failure of conciliation, notwithstanding our best efforts to find an agreement.
Madam President, as others have mentioned, Canada is indeed a solid trading partner for the EU. The abolition of the tariffs now being negotiated in the CETA framework is, on the whole, acceptable to our group.
Madam President, as the original parliamentary rapporteur for this matter when we opened negotiations back in 2007, I always said at the time that we should try to reach an ambitious free trade agreement that is really comprehensive and far-reaching in what we can achieve, and I am quite pleased to see that we have followed an agenda which seeks to do this.
Madam President, at President Barroso's request, I am addressing the House here today on the subject of the Hungarian constitution.
Madam President, better and less expensive data transmission through high-speed broadband for all in 2020: that is an ambitious policy target, I must say, and I fully support it. But let us face it: it will not come easily.
Madam President, briefly stated, it was not possible to have a debate and presentation of the report and I would like to thank my colleagues in the other political groups who have supported my recommendation.
Madam President, can I start by congratulating the Vice-President/High Representative on her personal success in negotiating the compromise in the United Nations on EU speaking rights, where others had failed.
Madam President, dodgy scams, which are fraudulent in nature and prey on small businesses using a veil of legitimacy - often with Europe in their titles - must be made illegal.
Madam President, farming is the heart of the Welsh economy, yet under increasing EU legislation Welsh farmers are prevented from competing successfully, despite standards being some of the highest in Europe.
Madam President, first of all, I am very grateful for your broad support for the strategy that was presented to you. I will just run through a couple of elements that were raised in the debate.
Madam President, first of all, I would like to congratulate the rapporteur for his eminent report on this mid-term review. I think there are three things that should be underlined.
Madam President, first of all, I would like to thank Mrs Liotard, the Hungarian Presidency and Commissioner Dalli and his team for their efforts.
Madam President, first of all, I would like to thank this House for the particular attention it has paid to my government's activities in the last semester.
Madam President, first of all, may I congratulate the rapporteur, Mr Hökmark, on skilfully piloting this report through the committee and achieving a very broad measure of consensus. I join with the other shadow rapporteurs in thanking him for his work.
Madam President, following the appalling massacre in Camp Ashraf on 8 April, the situation there remains critical.
Madam President, for South Sudan, the 9 July date goes before everything else; for North Sudan, although the comprehensive peace agreement may be coming to an end, its obligations do not.
Madam President, for the Commission and Parliament here to seek to use a proposed trade agreement with Canada to influence that country's internal affairs is simply wrong.
Madam President, honourable Members, I would firstly like to thank all the Members who participated in this debate and Vital Moreira for putting the question to Parliament.
Madam President, honourable Members, let me first thank you for a very substantive debate. I believe that there is a broad consensus in this House - not a full but a broad consensus - on the selection process of the next Managing Director of the IMF.
Madam President, honourable Members, many thanks for your very pertinent questions.
Madam President, if Members look at their e-mails and all the requests from lobbyists and industry, and the pros and cons on the climate, they can conclude that climate is very clearly back on the political agenda.
Madam President, in December last year, I visited Japan and one of the concerns that was raised repeatedly by the Japanese officials was the slow progress in trade relations between the European Union and Japan.
Madam President, in paragraph 2 of Article 9a, after the words 'at the request of a Member State', we would like to add the phrase 'any legal person or any association not having legal personality acting on behalf of the Union industry'. The reason is to make this regulation consistent with other safeguards that we have approved, such as the South Korea FTA safeguard clause.
Madam President, in recent months, Japan has increased its interest in opening possible negotiations on a free trade agreement with the European Union.
Madam President, in recent years the Member States, the Commission and the European Parliament have been working closely on how to further improve the effectiveness of the EU's cohesion policy, its results and the quality of its interventions.
Madam President, in this House, we have discussed media freedom being under pressure in Italy, Slovakia and Hungary.
Madam President, in today's uncertain economic climate, it is more important than ever that the global institutions set up to ensure financial and economic stability, which many countries around the world are dependent upon, are not used to make symbolic political statements.
Madam President, it is a pleasure to be here this afternoon.
Madam President, it is good that you are in the chair today; I thank you for your work in the negotiations between Parliament and the Commission.
Madam President, it is incumbent on us to sell the message to third-level educational institutions, research organisations and, indeed, private sector companies concerning the opportunities that are available under the Seventh Framework Programme (FP7) for Research and Development.
Madam President, it is the intention of the Commission to set default values for the use of tar sands - not just from Canada, but from any source, including Venezuela, for example - for the purpose of reducing the greenhouse gas intensity of fuels, as required by the Fuel Quality Directive.
Madam President, it is untenable to say that the constitution of a Member State is a matter only for itself.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to express my sincere thanks to the Commissioner for giving us an overview of the current status of the trade relations between the European Union and Japan.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, credit rating agencies certainly did not cause the global financial crisis, but, in my opinion, they were responsible to a significant extent for its severity.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the Committee on Transport and Tourism has endorsed my recommendation for discharge to be granted to the European transport agencies, which support the European Commission.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, this is a very serious issue.
Madam President, last summer, I had the pleasure of visiting your constituency, and one day I took my children to the beach. I remember watching my two little girls building a sand castle, oblivious to the incoming tide, so captivated were they with the shells and twigs with which they were decorating their work.
Madam President, last week in the Catalan Parliament some MEPs representing the main political parties of Catalonia made a common stand in defence of our language, Catalan, in the EU and in its institutions.
Madam President, less than a year ago I set up a cross-party petition for a referendum in the UK in respect of membership of the European Union.
Madam President, let me begin by congratulating the rapporteur on an excellent report and also for the way in which he conducted the work.
Madam President, like others I think that Commissioner Malmström is doing a very good job, but I also feel, in view of President Barroso's robust defence of Schengen free movement today, that I do not really understand how the notion could possibly have taken hold that the Commission's proposed EU-level mechanism is going to make it easier to reintroduce internal border controls.
Madam President, maybe it was not understandable, but I shall make the question more simple.
Madam President, most people know - but many do not - that, shortly after a country becomes a member of the EU, all its trade agreements are negotiated by the Commission and, specifically, the EU Trade Commissioner.
Madam President, my request to make a one-minute speech on the withdrawal of democratic rights to vote in elections and stand for election in Spain was sent to the Secretariat last Wednesday, at which time the Supreme Court, at the request of the Spanish Government, had banned the Bildu electoral coalition formed by two legal parties, Eusko Alkartasuna and Alternatiba, as well as independent candidates.
Madam President, nuclear waste is a problem we just have to deal with.
Madam President, on 9 July, South Sudan will declare independence as an English-speaking new African state.
Madam President, on a point of order - and I tried to make this point halfway through the debate, but you cut me off - I would suggest that you look back over this debate and see how you allocated blue card questions and catch-the-eye requests. I can sum it up: two blue card requests from me were ignored, while requests were approved from Mr Alvaro (twice), from Ms Göncz (three times) and from Mr Tavares (once). You were unable to genuinely balance the way these were distributed. I would ask you to take a look at this next time so as to achieve a balance.
Madam President, on a point of order, I see over on the other side of the room that there are political posters displayed in the Chamber.
Madam President, on behalf of my group, I should like to table an oral amendment to this paragraph.
Madam President, on behalf of the committee, I would like to request the adjournment of the final vote, under Rule 57(2).
Madam President, our group will therefore not be granting discharge, except to the conclusion that there is a great deal in these agencies that is not working properly; in fact there is so much that is not working that we should abolish them as soon as possible.
Madam President, out of some 2 500 bilateral investment treaties in the world, 1 500 concern EU Member States.
Madam President, please do not regard my attitude as impolite but I will address the left of the House: the majority comprising Greens, Communists, Socialists and Liberals, who forced this topic on today's agenda in contradiction with the PPE and Conservative groups. I have questions for you.
Madam President, recent scandals have certainly exposed the power that lobbyists can have upon Parliament, so the Liberal Group strongly welcomes the streamlining of the lobbyists' register, which creates effectively a straightforward mandatory system which ought to bring greater transparency and improved consultative processes.
Madam President, research and innovation are key to delivering growth and to meeting our biggest challenges. I have seen much excellent research funded by European grants, both in collaborative projects with industry and across borders, and in individual grants to expert scientists.
Madam President, returning to sport, FIFA has been mentioned and I would like to mention it as well, in particular, the lack of proper governance and the lack of transparency at the higher levels of the organisation.
Madam President, since Chernobyl, for acute personal reasons, I have been a very committed opponent of nuclear energy plants.
Madam President, so we are to have a transparency register! Unsurprisingly, this has only come about because enterprising British journalists were able to demonstrate the ease with which some MEPs succumbed to the lure of money.
Madam President, thank you to Mr Dess for a very interesting and informative report.
Madam President, the Commission can agree with the proposal to postpone the vote on the legislative resolution.
Madam President, the Commission strategy on antimicrobial resistance (AMR), which we plan to present in November, will provide further ideas on how the Commission, together with the Member States and stakeholders, could tackle AMR in all sectors involved.
Madam President, the EU must keep up pressure on the government of Sudan to withdraw troops from the border town of Abyei. A solution to the Abyei problem is needed urgently to prevent the escalation of armed conflict between Sudan and South Sudan.
Madam President, the European Arrest Warrant has become one of the most successful instruments on mutual recognition adopted within the European Union.
Madam President, the European Parliament has received hundreds of petitions from small businesses across the EU who claim to have fallen victim to these schemes.
Madam President, the European People's Party is very pleased by today's debate. I believe thanks are due to Mrs Berès for initiating it, enabling us to join the ILO initiative, on the one hand, and, on the other, making us think about all that needs to be done for a category of workers whose conditions we often do not know about and, when we do know something, it tends to be depressing.
Madam President, the Liberal Group in the European Parliament has always been supportive of the European Arrest Warrant because of its importance in the fight against serious cross-border crime.
Madam President, the Lisbon Treaty is normally regarded as having been constitutional in its scope; but what we have here is an example of how the Lisbon Treaty will impact, and impact adversely, on the commerce of Member States. I know we are discussing transitional arrangements but what matters is that the Lisbon Treaty has removed from Member States the right to negotiate bilateral investment treaties.
Madam President, the President-in-Office of the Council spoke about the need not to point a finger of blame, but I think it is time for some intellectual honesty.
Madam President, the Seventh Framework Programme for research is the largest research programme in the world: it has a budget of EUR 54.6 billion for the current period 2007-2013 and has funded over 9 000 projects to date.
Madam President, the current situation is forcing us to give additional scrutiny to Parliament's own budget. I am really pleased with the savings we have managed to make, even though they have come about as a result of our efforts to conserve our resources.
Madam President, the global economic recession changed the economic landscape in the EU dramatically: it increased unemployment, reduced economic growth and impaired the business environment.
Madam President, the negotiations for the EU-Canada trade agreement have been driven by major European and Canadian multinationals who want market access to vital public services so that they can profit at the expense of workers and consumers.
Madam President, the new austerity package for Greece, which includes EUR 28 billion of cuts and taxes and the privatisation of an incredible EUR 50 billion worth of state assets, confirms again the role of the EU and the IMF as enforcers for anti-worker austerity policies.
Madam President, the new fundamental law of Hungary - one would say a far too controversial text for a constitution - has been rushed through the Hungarian Parliament after only one month of public consultations.
Madam President, the position is exactly as colleagues have pointed out. I know this because in my own constituency, particularly in Cork, a company called the European City Guide has been fraudulently engaging with businesses all over the place.
Madam President, the regulation on transitional arrangements for bilateral investment treaties is an important legislative initiative.
Madam President, the resumption of negotiations, at Canada's initiative, to upgrade bilateral cooperation under a comprehensive economic and trade agreement is a positive move, as the committee chair, Mr Moreira, pointed out.
Madam President, the six-year transition period of the Sudanese Comprehensive Peace Agreement will come to an end in about a month's time.
Madam President, the tsunami and earthquake that hit Japan last March constituted a major tragedy.
Madam President, there are a number of problems with this constitution, but I want to focus on one key issue, which is that the proposed constitution does not give any protection from discrimination on grounds of sexual orientation.
Madam President, this debate covers a very extensive issue, as it involves granting discharge to a whole range of European institutions, each one of which has its own specific features.
Madam President, this discussion highlights the pivotal role of the ILO in the world of labour. I believe that we have to continue our close cooperation with the ILO because its work in this field, and in others of course, applies very much to the European context.
Madam President, this has been a very interesting and good debate on a very important subject.
Madam President, this is not an internal German issue, but a European issue.
Madam President, threats to EU nuclear power plants, if they are real, are a question of life and death for thousands of people.
Madam President, today's discussion on Sudan and South Sudan is encouraging and positive in a world where there is more bad news than good news.
Madam President, today's exchange of views was indeed very useful for adding a final touch to our summit preparations and you can rest assured that I will convey the key messages to the High Representative and Vice-President Ashton who will debrief the Presidents and Commissioner Karel De Gucht.
Madam President, two and a half years ago, I presented to this plenary a report on misleading business directories.
Madam President, we all look at this region of the world with great concern and we are well aware that the risk of a civil war is far from banished.
Madam President, we are not simply discussing domestic problems in the European Parliament.
Madam President, we have a case that can help us resolve an issue that the Commission has, in fact, acknowledged, that has also been raised by Mr Jahr, and that we are going to include in the annual report that will be presented by the Committee on Petitions in the discussions regarding 2010.
Madam President, west Wales and the valleys should again qualify for regional funding despite average EU GVA falling, posing serious questions over whether cohesion policy even works.
Madam President, when my constituents ask me about the EU budget, one of the things they do not understand, particularly at the difficult time that we are going through, is why we are spending all this money.
Madam President, when the former Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) came into office, there were major question marks against the relevance and effectiveness of the IMF.
Madam President, whether we agree or disagree with demonstrators, it is absolutely wrong that demonstrators should be allowed inside Parliament to stop MEPs getting in to vote.
Madam President, with regard to my colleague's remark, the death of Osama Bin Laden was not a death penalty.
Madam President, words are tools, words are instruments and words can be weapons in foreign policy.
Madam President, would my colleague agree with me that, with regard to the UN, if there was a single seat for the European Union on the UN Security Council - which is much mooted at the moment - that would constitute a significant transfer of sovereignty from the UK, and indeed France, to the European Union? Surely the current UK Government, of which he is a supporter, would definitely not support such a transfer of sovereignty?
Madam President, would not Ms Harms accept that her position and the position of her group is that they are not interested in the stress tests: they are not interested in any objective evidence at all.
Madam President, you might know that the Commission adopted a report on the implementation of the Arrest Warrant on 11 April this year.
Main aspects of the common foreign and security policy and the common security and defence policy - Situation in Syria and in Camp Ashraf - Report: Albertini - Annual report from the Council to Parliament on the main aspects of CFSP in 2009 - Report: Gualtieri - Development of CSDP following the entry into force of the Lisbon Treaty - Report: Muñiz De Urquiza - The EU as a global actor: its role in multilateral organisations (debate) 
Maintaining competitiveness, increasing economic growth and fighting unemployment will be the greatest challenges faced by the EU. I would therefore like to highlight the urgent need to support growth through investment in knowledge-based economic sectors.
Maintaining the overall structure and the key role of the cross-border dimension in order to meet the local needs of border communities. A provision of funds for each cooperation programme, carried out using harmonised criteria, so as to prevent some Member States from calculating financial returns. A more strategic programming of the funds, in connection with a territorialised Europe 2020 strategy.
Major cross-border investments in research, for example, will be needed.
Make it clear that you will have a lock and you will prevent that type of opportunism which will in the end break Schengen.
Make the system fairer and more transparent, and then we can talk about own resources.
Making it possible for associations, for enterprises, especially micro-enterprises in the form of clusters, and for national or regional networks of technological platforms to participate in a future framework programme is an essential task.
Making progress on statebuilding, good and democratic government, conflict prevention, and the adoption of the required measures to combat corruption, tax evasion and the flight of capital, is an absolute priority.
Mandatory data collection by the Member States is therefore necessary.
Many Irish goods are exported internationally and the additional costs proposed in the report could inflict huge damage on Irish export and transport companies, and it could be a fatal blow to those small businesses that currently are achieving only a small profit margin.
Many activists have been imprisoned for political reasons, and former leading political figures have had to flee the country.
Many challenges at international level, in particular, with regard to the Middle East, Libya, Iran, terrorism, energy security, climate change and the financial crises, cannot be overcome effectively without responsible and cooperative relations with Russia. I note that concerns remain about Russia's respect for, and protection of, human and fundamental rights, the rule of law, independence of the judiciary, political control of the media, repressive measures taken against journalists and representatives of the opposition and the fairness of elections. I therefore encourage our Russian counterparts to engage in these issues in an open and constructive way.
Many countries see in all this an opportunity to gain extra tax revenues which can be put to many other uses.
Many delegations in Council are of the opinion that suspending Dublin transfers to Member States that are subject to practical pressures would create a poor precedent and would undermine the Dublin Regulation. A large number of delegations have also expressed a strong wish to give law enforcement agencies access to the Eurodac database.
Many elements in the report are in line with the Commission's vision as set out in the communication on reforming the common agricultural policy, which was presented at the end of 2010 and was intended to spark debate.
Many former employees of the World Health Organisation would be pleased to find their work assessed in a different light.
Many have benefited from it already and will do so into the future, but one thing is vital and that is that there is mutual recognition in all Member States of qualifications and diplomas.
Many have voiced their opinion during the debate - those who are for, as well as those who are against or for postponing the accession - that mutual trust is the key word in this issue. I also agree strongly with this, and the Hungarian Presidency has aimed to build trust throughout the entire time.
Many honest citizens have lost a lot of money because of the Commission's blameworthy laxity in this case.
Many legislative changes have been carried out by the Commission and by Parliament in order to achieve this objective.
Many of Parliament's suggestions correspond with the actions proposed in the Bruges Communiqué. The Commission shares Parliament's view because we need to modernise vocational education and training in Europe to make it attractive, to have qualified teachers and trainers, innovative learning methods and high-quality infrastructure and facilities, and, of course, we have to have the mobility.
Many of the Eastern European countries from the last enlargement round face the problem that certain minority groups already follow a practice, which has almost turned into a tradition, where they stop their children going to school, who are then exploited by their parents.
Many of the amendments from the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs have been taken into account by the six-pack rapporteurs.
Many of the negotiated compromises should be welcomed unequivocally, for example the simplification of administrative procedures in various areas of the CAP, or the continuation of full funding for direct payments in the EU budget and the refusal to renationalise these.
Many of the provisions of this constitution are very partisan, such as the omission of protection of gay people from discrimination and the giving of extra votes to mothers.
Many of the things that are happening are a reason for joy - in Egypt and Tunisia - but there are also a lot of concerns.
Many of the well-known antibiotics have today become either ineffective or unreliable. I therefore strongly endorse the resolution of this House that expressly calls on the Commission and the Member States to tackle the growing problem of antibiotic resistance amongst animals in a responsible way.
Many of these agreements were written at a time when there were hardly any cases of dispute settlements.
Many of these domestic workers work in scarcely decent conditions, are subject to intense exploitation, and are not guaranteed rights such as the right to social security, to health and safety protection, to maternity protection, working time limits, to rest, and to freedom of association and representation.
Many of these goods come from third countries and are facilitated by the governments of those countries, which give safe haven to goods coming to Europe.
Many of these obstacles are due to excessive bureaucratisation and difficulties in obtaining finance.
Many of us in this House, with the exception of Mr Farage, are very keen to see the balance - a popular one until now - between the United States and Europe maintained during the process of appointing the Managing Director of the IMF and the President of the World Bank.
Many of us thought that this was already in place, and we were surprised to find that a lot of data does not exist at all, and that in the statements we make with regard to the state of the environment in the European Union, we are therefore actually completely blind.
Many people are, after all, disappointed that we are not able to discuss a new way of allocating existing funds as well.
Many people with disabilities, as well as migrants, are without jobs.
Many points in the submitted reports go in the right direction, but at the same time they have a number of deficiencies.
Many recent events have shown us the importance of consumer confidence and this is, in part, borne from proper laws to protect consumers in the marketplace.
Many small businesses, especially in Italy, risk having to leave the market because of the excessive charges they would face, and this would certainly have a serious impact on employment too.
Many were injured.
Market access is being hampered by non-tariff barriers to trade, such as health and safety requirements or technical barriers, quantitative restrictions, conformity procedures, trade defence mechanisms, customs procedures, internal taxation, and a failure to adopt international norms and standards.
Marrying food security with medium- and long-term environmental sustainability, with rural development, with a strong emphasis on the prudent management of financial resources and with aspects linked to international trade patterns required a considerable amount of skill, and I believe the rapporteur has accomplished his task very well, for which I congratulate him.
Martin, we are proper Democrats - you respect democracy and so do we. It is true that it is easier to win than to lose.
Matters relating to monitoring of the employment sector, labour market potential and vocational training generate an enormous amount of data, which it is no longer possible for any one Member State to evaluate on its own.
Mauritania is a poor country that is highly dependent on the sector, so keeping the agreement with the European Union could be beneficial to both signatories.
May I also say how sorry I am that the binding nature of the 'polluter pays' principle has been left out of this compromise.
May I first offer my sincerest congratulations to Mrs Wortmann-Kool on the work she has done on the economic governance package.
May I remind you that when these agencies were allocated it seemed that the prime ministers and governments of the Member States of the European Union could not get enough of these agencies on their soil.
May I say that I wish to thank Lady Ashton for expressing her concern back in May regarding the charges brought against the Ukrainian opposition leaders, and their possible political ends.
Meanwhile actions are being provoked by the stress tests; banks are seeking capital; some Member States are being proactive in pushing banks to raise capital.
Meanwhile, Russia must play its full part, especially in the field of fundamental rights.
Meanwhile, concerning the categories of products falling within Section XI of the Combined Nomenclature that are not subject to quantitative import restrictions and are released for free circulation in the EU, a system of ex post statistical surveillance is being applied to monitor their impact on the EU market.
Meanwhile, more than 700 000 people have fled Libya and sought refuge in neighbouring countries and have found a different kind of welcome there than the kind they would have received in Europe.
Meanwhile, the business environment varies greatly across the Member States.
Meanwhile, the spectre of religious intolerance casts its shadow - witness the recent events in Egypt - finding its excuse in uncertain times to play on fear and to wreak destruction.
Measures aimed at setting reduction targets even higher are detrimental to European industry as a whole.
Measures such as a European patent and the European professional identity card must be strengthened and applied widely in order to strengthen competitiveness and employment.
Measuring the air quality in our cities and performing an in-depth analysis of that measurement would be a step towards more transparent policy making.
Mechanisms should be created to help small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) gain access to this funding more easily, and to facilitate the development and marketing of GNSS applications.
Meeting the 30% reduction target in carbon emissions by 2020 is a priority. I support the initiative in favour of replacing the current car fleet with environmentally-friendly vehicles, given the small distances travelled, which is appropriate for the battery life of electric vehicles.
Member States are discussing the results this afternoon and we are optimistic that an agreement can be reached in time for the European Council.
Member States are having trouble with tens of thousands of underprivileged migrants from North Africa, but Commissioner Malmström is preventing them from doing anything about it. We still have boatloads of fortune-seeking migrants reaching Lampedusa.
Member States can also help each other.
Member States have to specify what level of income they obtain from the charges and what they are going to do with that money in order to bring about a better transport system.
Member States must adopt targeted political strategies to combat poverty, taking into account specific national circumstances and needs.
Member States must adopt targeted political strategies to combat poverty, taking into account specific national circumstances and needs. I agree with the provision laid down in the resolution that the aims set out in the Europe 2020 strategy, namely, to reduce the school drop-out rate to below 10% and ensure that 40% of young people are educated to university level, must be tackled by means of specific, creative and effective measures.
Member States must also cooperate with partner countries to ensure the protection of vulnerable groups and to fight gender discrimination as well as discrimination on grounds of ethnicity, religion, age and disability. I hope that the Commission will come forward with some concrete proposals which will bring about improved labour and social standards, as well as proposals to promote corporate social responsibility in its external polices.
Member States must be strongly committed to protecting and supporting their own cultural heritage.
Member States must make full use of this opportunity to complement their efforts to ensure the effective social inclusion of the most vulnerable and the European Commission should come forward with a specific action plan on this Regulation to speed up the use of funds and to prepare a report on their utilisation.
Member States must take action to improve the entrepreneurship and skills of young European citizens and entrepreneurs by incorporating entrepreneurship and innovation into all areas of education and improving human capital.
Member States must therefore be closely involved in these studies because they are in a better position to assess the national impact of initiatives coming from Brussels.
Member States must therefore strive to make more effective use of the revenues collected under the Eurovignette, for example, by investing in infrastructure improvements and encouraging the use of less polluting haulage vehicles, so as to ensure that the benefits of the directive are enjoyed by all the sectors involved.
Member States should also avoid 'gold-plating' by exceeding the requirements of EU legislation when transposing directives into national law.
Member States should be able to require that measuring devices on their territory bear indications of quantity in a single legal unit of measurement.
Member States should establish appropriate mechanisms of coordination across subsectors of general government, to provide for comprehensive and consistent coverage of all subsectors in fiscal planning, numerical fiscal rules, specific to each country, and in the preparation of budgetary forecasts, and setting up multiannual planning as laid down in the multiannual budgetary framework, in particular.
Member States should not be allowed to allocate newly freed-up spectrum to a specific market player if that would diminish or distort competition in the market.
Member States should refrain from adopting austerity measures that involve making cuts to the educational system and employment.
Member States themselves have agreed that they will adopt fiscal planning horizons of at least three years to include all levels of government and government funds in their budget processes and ensure that information on, for example, contingent liabilities is disclosed.
Member States will have to use common methods, classifications and rules laid down in a binding common framework, and in that respect, it is very much to be hoped that these new measures will not involve any additional costs or more red tape.
Member States will then be able to integrate in taxes or tolls levied the actual costs incurred by traffic-based air and noise pollution, whereas up to now, only infrastructure-related costs could be charged.
Member States would like to see the EU playing a decisive role when it comes to taking risks but they criticise it when it does so. I therefore, like the majority of my fellow Members - with the exception of the Eurosceptics - voted for a 5% increase in the budget to fund future major projects.
Member States, companies and the general public are continually having to think about how they can make savings and how they can manage from one day to the next.
Members of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs and the Commission have worked well to develop a meaningful and practical report which will deliver more transparency in the legislative process.
Members of the European Central Bank (ECB) Executive Committee are appointed by the Heads of State or Government, following a proposal by the Council and following consultation with the European Parliament.
Members who have fallen victim in some way - even if through their own fault - to fictional lobbying agencies, should not be motivated in such a way when establishing the rules of the 'transparency register'.
Memoranda like the one the troika of the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the European Central Bank (ECB) and the Commission drew up with Portuguese officials demanded anti-social policies, including amendments to redundancy and privatisation laws, and attacks on public and universal social security which can only lead to social regression, condemning workers and the public to unemployment, poverty, underdevelopment and extreme dependency.
Men have been held in detention for almost ten years on this part of Cuban territory for the sole purpose of bypassing US legal jurisdiction and in spite of the lack of evidence against some of them.
Mention has already been made of the short timescale for the trade preference relaxation, reduced from three years to one year: Pakistan is prevented from maintaining or increasing duties or charges within that time.
Mercifully we crashed out of exchange rate mechanism, interest rates came down and we had a happy time during the 1990s.
Micro, small and medium-sized enterprises play a central and key role in the growth of the European economy; they are the main source of employment and have a fundamental impact on the development of European competitiveness and innovation.
Micro-businesses really need to be treated like family units and, in particular, the EU and its Member States need to work together to look at how small businesses can be given upfront support for energy efficiency improvements.
Migrants and people from more marginalised communities are also more likely to work in a domestic situation.
Migration, let us face it, is a very emotive issue.
Miklós Zrínyi, a writer of dual Croatian-Hungarian origin who lived in the 1600s said - in connection with the Turks at that time - 'Do not hurt the Hungarians!' Quoting his words I say: Do not hurt the agricultural policy; do not hurt the cohesion policy; because those who hurt these policies not only hurt the Hungarians, the Romanians, the Slovaks, but all citizens of the European nations.
Millions of Europeans use the right to trade in the EU Internal Market, and to live, work and travel throughout the EU. The EU has legislation that allows cross-border claims and the mutual recognition of national courts' judgments.
Millions of businesses operate in the European Union's Internal Market and millions of citizens make use of the right to live, work and travel in all Member States.
Minimum standards have therefore now been established, as domestic workers form the largest unregulated sector in the world.
Minister, thank you very much for coming here this morning.
Misleading advertising and dishonest trading practices are bad for the Internal Market.
Misleading practices are illegal under the Misleading and Comparative Advertising Directive and the Unfair Commercial Practices Directive.
Mobile broadband alongside, amongst other things, smartphones, PC tablets and smart keys, plays an increasingly important role in service supply and innovation in other areas, such as healthcare, education, culture and public administration.
Mobilisation of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund: General Motors Belgium (
Mobility eliminates the difficulties which arise as a result of the natural diversity of the individual labour markets, and provides young workers with access to the enormous European labour market, full of new challenges and opportunities to make use of the experience they have gained.
Mobility on the part of apprentices also leads to better recognition of many trades and impedes social dumping, as there is a progressive scale that means that, for the same level of training, the same pay is awarded.
Mobility programmes should be available to vocational students, teachers and youth workers.
Mobility, a system of recognising credits and other measures will limit the growth in unemployment among young people, which stands at an average of 21% in the EU today, which is an alarming figure.
Modern cohesion policy means facing the new challenges, creating up-to-date infrastructure, combating climate change, supporting energy security and efficiency, promoting research and development, providing support for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and creating jobs.
Money for innovation, research and development is important, because this allows for businesses and regions to be more competitive.
Money for this project has to be taken from other headings in the current multiannual budget, and that means that what we are dealing with here is a revision of that budget.
Month after month, I have warned that you cannot go on buying up vast quantities of your own bad debt.
More Kremlin-backed parties and an All-Russia People's Front initiated by Prime Minister Putin are merely leading us down a political blind alley.
More data could be gleaned from other areas.
More emphasis will be put on prevention in order to avoid the need for harmful procyclical policies in bad economic times.
More food will therefore need to be produced against a background of higher production costs, severe volatility in agricultural markets and mounting pressure on natural resources, meaning that farmers will have to produce more using less land, less water and reduced energy inputs. I would argue that a two-pillar common agricultural policy (CAP) should be retained, with each pillar's structure and objectives being clearly defined and designed in a way that allows each to complement the other. I am hoping for more equality as regards the first pillar. I also believe particular attention should be paid to small farmers, since they make a significant contribution to CAP objectives. I think it is essential to keep the current milk quotas system.
More functions, greater competitiveness, more sustainable growth, more jobs, more research and further integration cannot be achieved with less money, without a financial review, without an evaluation of existing disbursement of funds and without our own resources.
More generally - as other fellow Members have reiterated - the Commission's Communication on the EU strategy on the Rights of the Child states that, in 2009, more than 6 million young people dropped out of the school system, having barely completed lower secondary education and, of these, 17.4% did not go beyond primary school.
More important, however, are the political germs, or seeds, that are actually present - the weak beginnings of democracy and the rule of law.
More needs to be done at an EU and global level to ensure that reckless practices do not endanger the financial security of the EU.
More recent analysis conducted in 2010 shows that the costs of meeting the 20% greenhouse gas reduction target have fallen by at least one third compared to the analysis made in 2008.
More simply, I think it would be enough to strengthen Frontex, which means tightening security along the EU external borders. I would like to remind everyone that right now many governments shun their duty of solidarity by not taking part in Frontex.
More specifically, as regards the Fuels Quality Directive, I want to make it absolutely clear that the negotiation and a future agreement does not and will not represent any negative interference with regard to the implementation of that directive.
More than 1 200 bilateral investment agreements concluded by Member States under different, frequently incompatible, legal regimes need to be placed comprehensively under the auspices of the European Union without impairing the rights of the parties involved.
More than 1 700 organisations have been accredited as interest groups at the European Parliament, and 3 900 at the Commission.
More than 40% of the budget continues to be invested in the common agricultural policy, while only 4.7% of the workforce in Europe is engaged in this.
More than 80 000 people have left their homes, which is a sign of the imminent risk of a humanitarian crisis.
More than a raft of incentives and targeted funding, our small and medium-sized enterprises need greater and simpler freedom of action, hence less bureaucracy, and also certain guarantees.
More than a year ago already, the European Parliament clearly expressed its support for the idea of a democratic process which could lead to elections.
More than ever, in this pivotal period, Parliament intends to reaffirm its complete support for the peace process and to appeal to the Sudanese and South Sudanese, as well as the international community, to remain committed to implementing the 2005 Comprehensive Peace Agreement.
More to the point, while they may operate elsewhere due to lax policing, why can my own government not prevent what comes from mainland Europe? The answer to that lies at the heart of this useless EU, which has demolished national frontiers.
Moreover, Frontex and readmission agreements must be developed further and illegal immigrants must consistently be deported.
Moreover, Galileo will have the facility to support the implementation of previous traffic management systems for all means of transport (road, air, sea, etc.), which will improve efficiency and reduce the environmental impact.
Moreover, I agree with the development priorities and believe that the accounting procedures are perfectly calibrated for the ex-ante prevention of errors, fraud and hoarding by subjects with no entitlement.
Moreover, I am convinced that in a post-crisis Europe, any Single Market strategy has to be formulated in such a way as to maintain and enhance social cohesion, ensure market integrity and economic sustainability and foster innovation.
Moreover, Member States already have the right to exercise this option unilaterally under the existing Schengen system.
Moreover, a fair level of social security protection, with adequate insurance against unemployment, sickness and for old age, must be standard practice also for those working in the creative sector. I am very pleased to see that the rapporteur followed the position of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs in this regard and included it in the report.
Moreover, a sound legal basis for its participation can be found in Article 21 of Regulation (EC) No 1920/2006 establishing the Centre, which opens the Centre's doors to third countries that share its aims and interests.
Moreover, although this initiative focuses on employment as the end result, it does not ignore issues linked to education, to youth participation, to active citizenship, to mobility, to language learning and to a whole series of skills that are essential to the area of non-formal education today.
Moreover, an optional instrument should neither harmonise nor replace national contract laws but rather work alongside them as an alternative instrument that offers freedom of choice to contracting parties.
Moreover, are you prepared to have a definitive discussion with us about Eurobonds in order to obtain the resources that we need to be able to invest in the economy to facilitate growth and jobs in the hardest hit Member States?
Moreover, as the rapporteur states, the data that is obtained can, and should, contribute to policy evaluation, enabling assessment of the environmental impact of economic activities.
Moreover, as we well know, they make up more than 90% of the fabric of our business sector and they are a valuable model that we must maintain, because the effects of a large business failing or relocating are much more devastating, above all, in employment terms.
Moreover, concerning the categories of products not subject to quantitative import restrictions and released for free circulation in the EU, a system of ex post statistical surveillance is being applied to monitor their impact on the EU market. I would also like to point out that in 2010, the European Parliament adopted at first reading the report by Mrs Muscardini on the indication of the country of origin of certain products imported from third countries ('Made in'), which also concerns textiles and clothing.
Moreover, concerning the statistics, and referring to what was said by Mr Leinen, Mr Martin and many others, we have made significant progress in improving the European statistical system over the past year and a half.
Moreover, do we want governments that comply with the Stability and Growth Pact? I think we do. Thus, managing sanctions is necessary.
Moreover, environmental data currently available should be expanded in the medium term to facilitate the necessary policy assessment of European environmental policy.
Moreover, for the future discharge procedures, the Director of each EU agency should make available to Parliament its report from the Internal Audit Service.
Moreover, if the Barcelona objective stipulating that EU Member States must provide childcare for at least 90% of children aged between three and the age at which compulsory education starts, and to at least 33% of children under the age of three, is to be achieved, we need agreement between the Member States and, where possible, exchanges of information and best practices, especially by Member States with highly developed structures in pre-school education to partners with less experience in that sector.
Moreover, in discussing the EU's future climate policies, we cannot leave out of the equation the new European and international energy scenario that has emerged following the uprisings in North Africa and the nuclear crisis.
Moreover, in order to ensure that it does not remain a simple pronouncement, the responsibility generally lies with the Member States and it is a pity that the recent national reform programmes do not tally with the objectives set in the EU 2020 strategy, despite the fact that we all recognise that investment in research and education is a long-term investment with a good return which clearly reaches forward into the future prosperity of European citizens.
Moreover, in order to support their business, I invite the European Commission to implement the principle of reciprocity and to think of new ways of improving access by European companies to public procurement outside the Union, in order to ensure equal conditions for European and foreign companies who are competing for the allocation of public contracts.
Moreover, in terms of the economy too, free movement is central to the success of the Single Market and Europe's continued efforts to boost growth and jobs.
Moreover, in the preventive arm of the Stability and Growth Pact, we make provision for a review of the expansion of reverse qualified majority voting.
Moreover, in this case, the Saudi Arabian national faces the death penalty imposed by a military commission, although in 2009, the UN special rapporteur on extrajudicial executions specifically asked the US not to conduct capital prosecutions before military commissions.
Moreover, innovations of this kind, where the focus absolutely should remain on research, would help to maintain high living standards in Europe.
Moreover, instead of striving, through a principled process, for a new agreement on relations with Russia, which we recognise as an important partner, we are notoriously repeating proclamations and demands which clearly have no hope of succeeding.
Moreover, it calls for a White Paper on forest protection, addressing financial resources, knowledge exchange and promotion of research. 3. There is recognition of the importance of forests for rural development and the need to remove obstacles to funding for forestry and biodiversity. A call for access to funding of the relevant measures for public bodies and rural producers has been agreed upon.
Moreover, it fails to mention the social reasons that lead to early school drop-out, to a lack of access to higher education opportunities and to youth unemployment, just so as to mask the responsibility of the neoliberal policies promoted by large companies and financial institutions.
Moreover, it is proposed to seek not only an annual report on a one-year programme but also quarterly reports on the application and implementation of the measures.
Moreover, it is undeniable, beyond the CEPOL case, that a number of EU agencies with common fields of intervention are performing similar or complementary activities from headquarters located all over Europe.
Moreover, it was unrealistic - especially at this moment in time - to expect a result that reconciled legal traditions and protection standards that vary significantly from one Member State to the next.
Moreover, let us not fool ourselves or be under any illusion: being detained in a prison in country A or country B is not the same thing as being imprisoned in Europe.
Moreover, profitability involves alignment of policies in this sector with the objectives of the Europe 2020 strategy.
Moreover, six EU Member States have been able to maintain a primary surplus of over 4% for at least four years, so it is not impossible.
Moreover, suspension clauses are included in this agreement, should either one of the parties ascertain a breach of human rights.
Moreover, the Commission wishes to re-examine the policy for promoting agricultural products and a Green Paper is planned for this summer.
Moreover, the Commission's objective is also to enhance the uniformity of the rules for import by aligning the rules relating to imports of textiles with those for other industrial goods, which should improve the overall consistency of the legislative environment in this area.
Moreover, the Committee should be well informed throughout the course of negotiations, so that it has an opportunity to express its priorities well before being confronted with the yes/no choice of consent.
Moreover, the French initiative aiming at consolidating the financing of the southern neighbourhood at the expense of the eastern neighbourhood sent a disastrous message to our eastern partners.
Moreover, the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament and the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance want to exempt public investment from the standard of a maximum ...
Moreover, the adopted text does not help those Member States, such as Italy, that suffer geographical barriers, making it more costly for them to transport goods for import and export.
Moreover, the compulsory nature of the register for all lobbyists who want permanent access to Parliament and to the Commission is an important step in increasing the transparency of relations between those organisations and the European institutions.
Moreover, the creation of a joint committee and several sub-committees will permit European and Canadian enterprises to save millions of euros every year thanks to mutual acceptance of certification findings.
Moreover, the fact that the legal basis of the discharge process was geared mainly towards the Commission yet we tend to grant discharge reciprocally with other institutions creates a certain amount of legal uncertainty that we should be preventing.
Moreover, the high cost of fibre optics and the growing demand by users for high-speed connections mean that the technological framework must be reviewed in both legislative and operational terms.
Moreover, the introduction of a common framework in this area on the collection, processing, transfer and evaluation of European environmental economic accounts would facilitate the political evaluation of European environmental policy.
Moreover, the motion recommends the introduction of a compulsory year of nursery schooling before the start of schooling proper, as well as developing and improving early years educational establishments In so doing, the report confirms the EU's 'Barcelona objectives' which, as once upon a time in the Soviet Union, provide quotas for the state takeover of children's upbringing.
Moreover, the other two problems would still remain: firstly, overfishing would actually increase and, secondly, it would not solve the problem of market prices.
Moreover, the relevant criteria for air agreements with third countries should include the possibility of a balanced approach to markets and investment opportunities, as well as fair economic competition in the area of state subsidies and environmental and social standards.
Moreover, the report focused on establishing a general context concerning forest protection, namely subsidiarity, diversity of threats according to different forest types, the central role of Sustainable Forest Management and the importance of forests for competitiveness and employment. I voted 'in favour'.
Moreover, the report formulates proposals and recommendations for greater transparency and flexibility in the allocation and use of European funds.
Moreover, the results achieved will convince the whole of Europe that it has successfully enhanced the security of the entire Union.
Moreover, the risks for carbon leakage have been reduced further, since now more than 80 countries, amongst which all emerging economies, are implementing the pledges they committed to in Copenhagen and are implementing their domestic targets. I must say that the Commission has no evidence that companies are moving their production outside the EU due to climate policy.
Moreover, the sale of many brands enabled it to turn around its financial situation as early as the autumn of 2010 and to regain its listing on the stock market in November 2010.
Moreover, the trade advantages given to Pakistan will be paid for by the European industries most affected, namely the textile industry of southern Europe, and also by the poor countries that export the same products to Europe, which will suffer from the diversion of European imports to Pakistan, for example Bangladesh or the countries of North Africa.
Moreover, then came the Council's compromise, which was also different from the Commission's initial proposal.
Moreover, there have been issues surrounding conflicts of interest of EMEA's experts and staff. I believe, now that the discharge has been postponed, we will have a debate on this at some point before the autumn and I hope that, with that debate, we will be able to put an end to conflicts of interest within EMEA.
Moreover, there is already an example of good practice: our presence in the World Trade Organisation (WTO). There is, therefore, an urgent need for the EU to be represented with a single voice in the various international bodies. I think that drawing up a White Paper on this subject, as is proposed in the report, could be a good 'beginning of the end' for this bizarre situation.
Moreover, there is no blacklist of these fraudulent companies, such as would help to prevent their practices, which meanwhile continue with the knowledge of the national authorities.
Moreover, they are lending it at very high interest rates, so they are actually doing a deal that is positive for their budgets and their people.
Moreover, this report will help clarify the various aviation agreements and process them in the simplest way, and it states which criteria we should pay attention to and which aspects we should keep track of. In addition, this report will help in applying the process of how to move forward with these aviation agreements and what stages will be needed as the various institutions deal with them. I think that this report is necessary, and I therefore supported its adoption.
Moreover, through rating actions, the collateral pool at the disposal of the Greek banks would most likely be wiped out.
Moreover, we all know that internal controls can be sporadically useful but they are not part of a constructive approach to European integration, nor do they represent a cost-efficient long-term solution to monitoring movement and coping with immigration pressure.
Moreover, we believe the considerations defining our position as regards expansion and the accession of new countries to the EU to be equally valid as regards the full application of the provisions of Schengen in these or other countries.
Moreover, we can remember how disconcerting multiple representation of the various presidencies of the European Union can be in summit diplomacy, or the dysfunction that can arise through not implementing the provisions of Article 34 of the Treaty of Lisbon on the coordination of the European members of the United Nations Security Council when the common positions of the European Union are put forward.
Moreover, we do not yet know how the other countries within the WTO will act and whether they will ultimately give their consent.
Moreover, we must not forget that the European Parliament passed a resolution putting it at the vanguard of and seeking to legalise the war being waged against Libya by the EU, the USA and NATO, in order to plunder the wealth-producing sources of that country and control developments in the area as a whole, in the midst of serious imperialist infighting.
Moreover, we presented an alternative resolution in which we wanted to clarify the role of impact assessment and external experts in the impact assessment process.
Moreover, we should make sure that we achieve better coordination of development aid with the Member States and also are able to implement once and for all the integration of the entire development aid budget into the EU budget, because it is incomprehensible why only part of our development aid is included in the EU budget.
Moreover, what occurred was absolutely out of proportion. I would not go so far as to echo Mr Schulz in calling this a marginal problem - 27 000 Tunisians do not constitute a marginal problem - but he is right to say that, by comparison with, for example, the 350 000 people who fled from Kosovo during the Kosovo war, we are clearly not talking about a migration tsunami.
Moreover, while corporate social responsibility is currently well-established in Europe, European companies, their subsidiaries and their subcontractors play a vital role in promoting and disseminating social and labour standards around the world because of their weight in international trade.
Moreover, why it was not even possible to wait for the World Trade Organisation's verdict on this regulation is beyond me. In the meantime, however, Europe has basically shown that it will go to any lengths to harm the interests of its citizens and its high quality industries, now and in the future. I sincerely hope that the regulation will be rejected during the vote.
Moreover, you cannot ignore the role of Goldman Sachs in the current speculation on sovereign debt, any more than its responsibilities in the economic and financial crisis, and the investigations it is undergoing in the United States.
Most farmers are sensitive to this issue and choose environmentally friendly production methods.
Most importantly it invited Parliament and the Council, as well as all other interested stakeholders, to provide their views on forest protection and information and on the way forward so that the EU could provide added value to the work going on at Member State level and more widely across Europe.
Most importantly, we need research within the European Atomic Energy Community (Euratom) into the decommissioning of nuclear power plants.
Most importantly, you can no longer be seen to be on the side of German industry and all the power companies whose names begin with E - EDF, E.ON and EnBW - in this discussion.
Most of all, I would like to congratulate Hungary on its new constitution.
Most of all, the fact should be emphasised that the EU and the Russian Federation maintain permanent relations and that their good relations as neighbours influence stability and security not just within the continent of Europe.
Most of the increasing problems have a common denominator: we are making little use of independent studies into the use of resources and the organisation of work.
Most of the speakers talked about jobs.
Most of these agreements have the implicit aim of opening the market and liberalising the sector, motivated by free competition, or of disregarding its distortions, the benefits which the most powerful companies can derive from it and the false environmental solution for the reduction of carbon emissions, and the inclusion of aviation in the emissions trading system.
Most of these increases coincide with the areas with the highest level of irregularities.
Most people, in the face of rising food prices - sharply rising food prices - and dire warnings about lack of supply, will be expecting to see a CAP which focuses clearly on increasing productivity and efficiency.
Most recently, a new directive on combating late payment in commercial transactions came into force in March, which will make an important contribution to improving payment practice in Europe.
Mr Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri has been in US custody for nine years and he claims to have been secretly detained by the CIA in a secret detention centre in Poland.
Mr Albertini's proposal cannot have my vote because there are too many points on which we cannot agree.
Mr Albertini, I am happy to stand anywhere as long as it is actually in the room - I suspect there may be a few people who would prefer it if I was not - and I am very happy to speak from the podium; it is the obvious place between the two. I do appreciate very much the work that you, Mr Albertini, and the other rapporteurs have done in producing what I think are really useful and helpful reports in terms of addressing the breadth of European action.
Mr Albertini, please accept my apologies. I have found out exactly what the situation was.
Mr Andor, after listening to your speech, I would first of all like to ask you to move from theory to practice, because we need to take concrete action.
Mr Assange arrived in Sweden less than a month after WikiLeaks leaked the Afghanistan war logs and announced it had many more revelations to come.
Mr Assange remained in Sweden for five weeks to answer the allegations, but he was not questioned as the investigation was unduly delayed.
Mr Aylward, I did say before you came in that we had 20 minutes per Commissioner, which would mean that we could possibly get to Question 15 by Mrs Blinkevičiūtė, but I am afraid I do not think we are going to make it to yours.
Mr Barroso was not elected democratically.
Mr Barroso, I have a question to ask you that relates to the grave situation in which we, in the European Union, find ourselves. 2008 was the year of a deep crisis in banking.
Mr Barroso, I wish you luck with your plan for fairer taxation as a way out of the crisis. I do not know whether you are still pursuing the financial transaction tax.
Mr Barroso, do you accept that the finances of the European Central Bank and its integrity are now in a serious and parlous state?
Mr Barroso, every time I predict that another country is on the verge of a bail-out you say, 'no no, there is no problem'. Here we are, on the verge of the second Greek bail-out, and you say, 'there is no alternative'. We must continue down this route.
Mr Barroso, the EU must be able to guarantee that this aid reaches the people it is intended for.
Mr Barroso, you said that it will be difficult to explain it to citizens if we do not come up with a solution, for example in connection with the economic governance package.
Mr Becker, I did not want to cut you off as I know it is your first speech in this House and I wish to welcome you. I hope that in the future, the allotted time can be adhered to but, in any case, I wish you great success in your work as a Member among us.
Mr Cadec's report concerns the conclusion of the protocol setting out the fishing opportunities and the financial contribution provided for by the Fisheries Partnership Agreement between the European Community and the Republic of Seychelles. I supported this report because the assessment of the agreement shows that it helps to maintain the presence of EU fleets in the region while also serving to generate jobs in the local area; one of the reasons I wanted to support the agreement is that it makes a significant contribution to the stabilisation of the European canned tuna market.
Mr Chichester, what I will retain from this intervention is what I assume is your approval of my unorthodox ways.
Mr Cohn-Bendit, thank you for your remarks. I will check it. I have no other information right now but I can check it for you. A special gesture!
Mr Creutzmann wished to know about the matter of the European private limited company and asked it to be handled as a priority.
Mr Dalli, you must present two proposals: one on novel foods, because we have almost reached a consensus on this with regard to nanomaterials, the centralised approval process and imports from third countries.
Mr De Gucht and representatives of the finance ministries, for example, from Germany, which is my home country, painted horrific pictures of trade wars on a larger scale than the banana war and a number of other issues. I do not believe that any of this had a basis in fact.
Mr Dess's report also supports my proposal for greater flexibility in the second pillar.
Mr Disselkoen's lawyer says he was held there in a prison which was just as filthy and overcrowded as the one in which he was held in 1997.
Mr El Khadraoui has done tremendous work to reach a good compromise and to have a good proposal for this compromise. I sincerely ask you to please support this compromise.
Mr Fjellner has represented all this in a very positive light and he said that we should not allow this process to drag on. In this context, my question is this: How can he have a positive view of the fact that in Canada, an area one eighth of the size of Austria is destroyed each year in connection with the exploitation of these tar sands and the entire livelihoods of the First Nations communities are being taken away? Does he really view this in such an incredibly positive light and is it not also part of Europe's responsibility to impose appropriate conditions in this regard?
Mr Garriga Polledo has presented the House with an effective summary encompassing the positions of the various national delegations and the various political groups. I strongly support the decision to request an increase in resources for the next Multiannual Financial Framework of at least 5%. In addition, I would like to highlight the part of the report regarding the common agricultural policy, in view of my role as rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development.
Mr Garriga Polledo's report 'Investing in the future: a new Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF) for a competitive, sustainable and inclusive Europe' is a very important step in the institutional and economic reorganisation of the European Union following the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon.
Mr Garriga Polledo's report sets out to define the European Parliament's political priorities for the Multiannual Financial Framework for the period after 2013, both in terms of legislation and the budget.
Mr Gollnisch has requested that the European Parliament defend his parliamentary immunity in connection with measures which he claims restrict his freedom applied by the French authorities as part of the judicial investigation of an action and claim for compensation (plainte avec constitution de partie civile) brought by the International League Against Racism and Anti-Semitism on 26 January 2009 against an unnamed person for incitement to racial hatred.
Mr Gollnisch, we are acting in accordance with Rule 7(8) of the Rules of Procedure, and it states there quite clearly how to proceed in such matters.
Mr Hannan, you are due to speak on the Feio report, but you are also next and the only one on the list for the Goulard report, so I give you two minutes to use as you wish on both.
Mr Itälä rightly argues in recital 5 that we must take adequate measures to ensure for a responsible attitude towards our general expenditure allowance. I hope that recital will stay, because it is good for credibility and transparency.
Mr Kallas, it will be up to the Commission to exercise close scrutiny. 'A shame', also, because I personally regret this minimum agreement where the desire to ease congestion is concerned: although the proposed agreement retains the off-peak concept, the methods by which the Member States must implement it are 'weak'. The Commission must provide impetus on this issue as well.
Mr Karas called on his fellow Members and the Commission to integrate everything that we are doing into long-term strategies, and I would like to say to Mr Karas that this is a general principle to which I subscribe, and it is also the spirit in which I am working with my teams in order to propose all the new legislation that is part of this financial and economic governance that we need.
Mr Lewandowski, you have said that a business-as-usual approach is not acceptable.
Mr Liese, the German Christian Democratic Union/Christian Social Union did not support us on the famous resolution about the exit from nuclear power.
Mr Manders's report would probably have been more complete if it had included a rule on compulsory origin labelling for products originating in non-EU countries but, given the difficulties that occur when certain subjects are tackled, I believe that in the end, a good compromise was reached in the final text that was put to the vote.
Mr Martin, I did read your question very carefully.
Mr Mitchell, it is not the Bureau, it is a matter for the Conference of Presidents, but no doubt the Swoboda reforms will make proposals on how to deal with this. I agree with you.
Mr Moreira has presented us with a proposal for a recommendation on the draft Council decision on the conclusion of a Protocol between the EU and the Principality of Andorra extending to customs security measures the Agreement in the form of an Exchange of Letters between the two partners concluded on 28 June 1990. A new Title IIA is to be added to the agreement in force, covering agricultural products.
Mr Niculescu, how will we succeed in ensuring a good relationship between the production of goods for the market, food products and environmental goods? We will not achieve this by trying to burden farmers even more, but rather by trying to use part of the budget as an incentive to produce goods using agricultural practices which respect the environment but which do not necessarily require too much of an increase in the costs of production.
Mr Oettinger has said that he is making every effort to promote the stress tests and possible changes in the directives in other areas of the world and is committed to ensuring that these higher safety standards are adopted.
Mr Oettinger, I would like to congratulate you.
Mr Perisic should be investigated by the relevant UK authorities and the appropriate action taken if the allegations are found to be true.
Mr Pittella - and I thank him - did well to uphold the honour and the views of almost all Members of this House by rejecting the blackmailing proposal that the Council wanted to force on us. I therefore thank Mr Pittella, the rapporteur and all those Members who had the courage not to give an inch on what we considered truly useful for our people.
Mr Pittella is right: a dab of powder, a touch of rouge, perhaps a little wool pulled over the eyes, but nothing more than an empty shell.
Mr Potočnik is in the process of preparing the recast of this directive and has therefore consulted broadly with the public and the relevant interest groups over the past year.
Mr President, 'if you want to know where hell is, ask the artist, and if you cannot find the artist, you know you are in hell'. I think this quote, which I found by an anonymous author in Sarajevo, summarises the importance of arts and culture not only for open societies but also for our relations with the rest of the world.
Mr President, Amendment 9 speaks about protection of EU policies concerning overseas countries and territories, yet specifically speaks about Saint Pierre and Miquelon.
Mr President, Article 4(2) of the Act of Accession of Bulgaria and Romania to the European Union states that verification, in accordance with evaluation procedures, that the necessary conditions for the application of the Schengen acquis have been met by the new Member States is an essential requirement for the Council to decide to abolish internal border controls with those States.
Mr President, Azerbaijan is one of the special partners of the EU and a founding member of the Euronest grouping, and therefore benefits considerably from privileged relations with the EU.
Mr President, Baroness Ashton, Henry Kissinger defined the world of his time as militarily bipolar, economically unipolar and politically confused.
Mr President, Baroness Ashton, during the course of this debate, you will hear not only praise, but also criticism.
Mr President, Baroness Ashton, ladies and gentlemen, I would just like to put some questions to you today, Baroness Ashton.
Mr President, Baroness Ashton, ladies and gentlemen, foreign policy has been dominated by the revolutions - some more peaceful than others - taking place in a number of neighbouring Mediterranean countries and, more recently, by a symbolic event in the fight against international terrorism, namely, the end of the Bin Laden era.
Mr President, Baroness Ashton, ladies and gentlemen, the subject of European foreign and security policy is especially crucial at this particular historic juncture, which is marked by an extraordinary wave of protest that has taken hold in the Mediterranean and is also spreading across the Middle East.
Mr President, Belarus is not called Europe's last dictatorship for nothing.
Mr President, Chernobyl has been a point of reference for European policy for the 25 years since the tragic disaster.
Mr President, Commissioner Barnier is currently in the United States meeting with his counterparts and he has asked me to convey to you the following statement in reply to Wolf Klinz's own-initiative report on rating agencies, which was adopted by the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs in March.
Mr President, Commissioner Füle, while, at first glance, it may seem understandable for Russia to protect itself in order to prevent the spread of Enterohaemorrhagic Escherichia coli (EHEC) infection into its territory, a complete ban on imports of European vegetables is not what we expect of a country that aspires to join the World Trade Organisation (WTO). That is also something we will have to talk about in Nizhny Novgorod.
Mr President, Commissioner Lewandowski, ladies and gentlemen, we have had 23 years of financial perspectives, four distinct periods that have helped EU expenditure and income to evolve in a well-ordered way.
Mr President, Commissioner Šemeta, ladies and gentlemen, the process we are dealing with today - that is, the discharge for the expenditure of the European Commission - is an essential process.
Mr President, Commissioner, I beg your pardon. I glanced up at the public gallery for an instant as I have the good fortune that a visiting group from Hungary also happens to be present right now.
Mr President, Commissioner, I have been searching in vain for an answer to the question of why we are debating a resolution on the summit with Russia on the eve of the summit itself and voting on it on the day the summit takes place in Nizhny Novgorod.
Mr President, Commissioner, I would like to congratulate our rapporteur, Mrs Merkies, on her excellent work, because she has unpicked the content of the report and concentrated on the more relevant aspects for our group, such as social innovation - understood as innovation by workers and the public - the incentive provided by the public procurement of innovative and green products and services, and the need to improve the access to finance on the part of SMEs.
Mr President, Commissioner, Russia is undoubtedly a very important partner for the European Union, but - as the Commissioner has already said - a very difficult one. I hope that the negotiations will not take too long.
Mr President, Commissioner, after all these speeches, I wish to thank my fellow Members, the shadow rapporteurs as well as the rapporteurs of the committees who produced opinions, who suggested to me many ideas and who have made it possible to improve the text that we are voting on today.
Mr President, Commissioner, as you acknowledged just now, last year's tests have not had the anticipated effects.
Mr President, Commissioner, given that it will shortly be one year since the Greek reform programme was agreed, and the fact that the programme for Portugal was announced just yesterday, I think that it is important for us to evaluate where we stand today, what has been done correctly, and where we made mistakes and missed the mark.
Mr President, Commissioner, honourable Members, I am grateful to Parliament for the interest shown in the Small Business Act and the opportunity afforded by this especially to discuss what action we should take with regard to the different initiatives mentioned in relation to the review of the Small Business Act.
Mr President, Commissioner, if there is one thing we have learned in Europe from the recent financial crisis, it is that full capital adequacy of our credit institutions and effective supervision of the level of risk they undertake are key points in overall economic - not just financial - governance.
Mr President, Commissioner, in the last few years, I have been following the work of our agencies, particularly that of Bilbao and Dublin, and I believe that they are doing work that is both very worthy and, in terms of cost benefits, also extremely efficient.
Mr President, Commissioner, it is time to carry out European stress tests that are transparent, flexible, reliable and effective: their quality and credibility are a necessary contribution to financial stability and the reestablishment of market confidence.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I believe all of us are aware that we are facing very turbulent times in Europe, both economically and politically.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I hope not to use the full five minutes.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I would also like to say a very big thank you for the excellent compromise that we have reached.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I would first of all like to thank, on behalf of the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats), all the rapporteurs who presented reports this morning, as I believe that these reports allow us to lay the foundations for the Europe of the future.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, as shadow rapporteur of the Youth on the Move report, and in view of the various amendments that have been tabled to the reports on the cultural and creative industries and on early years learning, I should like to share the following thought.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, first of all I must thank and congratulate Mr Dess on the hard work he has put in, together with all the shadow rapporteurs.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, fishermen have told us that it is becoming harder for them to make a living from their work.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, for many companies in the European Union, the continual rise in fuel prices represents an additional burden.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, it is now almost a year since the people of Pakistan suffered devastating floods.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, let me begin by congratulating our rapporteur, Mr Dess, the shadow rapporteurs and other contributors on the work that they have done to draft this text.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, quite honestly, we do not understand why the majority of the Committee on International Trade were so adamant in wanting to put this matter forward for debate, only to then ask for it to be referred back to committee, a request that we reject.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the EU-India free trade agreement negotiations are ambitious, they concern many economic sectors, but they are also a cause for concern in Europe and in India, as I was able to see during last month's meeting between the trade committee of the two chambers of the Indian Parliament and the European Parliament's delegation for relations with India.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the task facing the three institutions involved in the budgetary procedure is not a simple one, and involves identifying a level of resources that takes into account the commitments undertaken in previous years and the challenges the Union is preparing to face.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, there is something wrong about holding a debate in May 2011 on a natural disaster that occurred in summer 2010, a disaster that left 12 million people homeless and destroyed 20% of the country concerned.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, today we are debating, and tomorrow we will adopt, European legislation that, on first impression, seems rather unremarkable, but with this law on European environmental economic accounts, we are probably opening a new chapter in the measurement of progress and prosperity.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, we have finally reached an agreement on this important dossier, thanks to a great effort from everyone to find common ground between the divergent positions of Parliament and the Council.
Mr President, Commissioner, no one could disagree with what you have said. I wish to relate the trouble suffered by a fellow Greek, who complained to me about a similar misadventure as the result of misleading advertising and gave me all the relevant documents.
Mr President, Commissioner, thank you for having first spoken about the victims and the people taken ill.
Mr President, Commissioner, the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs has set out its priorities in the light of an alarming fact: the economic, financial and social crisis is continuing to wreak havoc, with 23 million people currently unemployed, including 5.2 million young people.
Mr President, Commissioner, the motions for resolutions that the European Parliament has been presented with make it clear to all groups that Parliament - as has already been emphasised - does not feel it is sufficiently informed about the specific status of the negotiations. I am therefore grateful for the more detailed information that we have been given today.
Mr President, Commissioner, the report presented today outlines a new direction for the common agricultural policy.
Mr President, Commissioner, today we are debating the common agricultural policy. A lot of people criticise the common agricultural policy, because they believe that it has caused environmental damage and has in the past and even today continues to put developing countries at risk on numerous counts, especially in terms of agriculture and development.
Mr President, Commissioner, when, hopefully, the plenary session shortly approves the agreement that we negotiated between the institutions with a large majority, we will be playing our part in a significant moment for the transport sector in Europe, a milestone that could signpost the direction for policy for decades to come.
Mr President, Commissioner, you are right that this is a public health issue, a very serious one, and our focus should now be on caring for the sick and identifying the source, but then we have to look to the long term and find out how we stop it happening again.
Mr President, Commissioner, you rightly said that there have been too many deaths and too many people made sick as a result of this EHEC pathogen, and I think that the situation we find ourselves in also shows that neither Germany nor the European Union are prepared for the sort of spread of EHEC that we are currently seeing.
Mr President, EU citizens have a right to know the make-up of the clothes they wear and this regulation will allow them to avoid purchasing products containing non-textile parts of animal origin, whether for health, ethical or other considerations.
Mr President, Europe is currently in crisis: there is a financial crisis, a macroeconomic crisis, a social crisis and a moral crisis.
Mr President, Guantánamo is important, but let us put it in perspective.
Mr President, I agree with my colleagues who are saying that, when we make such a serious accusation against a country, we have to be sure that we have all the necessary information. I do not think it is about double standards: it is about honesty and being professionally informed.
Mr President, I am coming back to you with some concrete next steps on the report on the role of culture in the EU's external actions that we talked about this morning. I want to start with a quote from a Hungarian diplomat in the United States, Mr Simonyi, who said that 'rock and roll, culturally speaking, was a decisive element in loosening up communist societies and bringing them closer to the world of freedom'. When we look, in particular, at today's uprisings of the young generation in North Africa and the Middle East, we can see that, today, an open Internet is that decisive element for moving into the world of freedom.
Mr President, I am delighted that the European Parliament has finally devoted one entire morning of its plenary session to culture and education.
Mr President, I am glad that you raised at the G8 summit the issues of the problems of the eurozone.
Mr President, I am grateful for all the contributions that have been made to this debate, and I would like to express my very special thanks - because I did not do so just now - for the crucial role played in all this by Mrs Bowles, the Chair of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs.
Mr President, I am grateful for everyone's contributions to this debate, and particularly the summaries given by Commissioner Rehn and the President-in-Office of the Council, András Kármán. I would just like to stress one point: concessions have in fact been made on both sides, and I think we are very close to agreement, but I would not like them to fail to note the question of symmetry and asymmetry as an important issue that needs addressing.
Mr President, I am grateful to everyone who has taken the floor at this late hour for demonstrating the European Parliament's vigilance, and I would even say its intelligence, on this difficult issue.
Mr President, I am not sure if I can respond to all of the Members.
Mr President, I am pleased that this morning's plenary is devoted to cultural matters: it is very important to speak about them, not just on one morning but more broadly.
Mr President, I am very pleased indeed to have the opportunity to present my report on early years learning in the European Union, which is an extremely important aspect of education that we have not really given much attention to before now.
Mr President, I believe that it is an appropriate time for us to discuss this report from Mr Moreira.
Mr President, I believe that the events that we have been able to follow this week, both in the Council and in those countries that are wrestling with very serious economic problems, once again show us why the package we are now debating is so important.
Mr President, I can say in replying to the Members that I can understand all your concerns. I share your concerns about the poor income of our fishermen, especially of the owners of small vessels in coastal regions.
Mr President, I congratulate Richard Falbr on the comprehensive approach to international labour standards in his report. I have been pleased to contribute to his work on the specific question of corporate social responsibility.
Mr President, I congratulate the rapporteur, Ms Merkies, for this excellent report. I want to thank the shadow rapporteurs on the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy (ITRE), as well as the members of the seven committees that delivered their opinions to ITRE.
Mr President, I do not know if we are about to vote on the resolution, but we will eventually do so after the end of this debate. I think this issue is a good example of what it means to be consistent with our own principles and values, because this Parliament has spoken out on several occasions against the death penalty, wherever it may occur.
Mr President, I express my thanks to Mr Coelho for his effort, commitment and the particular expertise he has applied to this report. I also thank the Hungarian Presidency and Commissioner Malmström for the support they have given to this report.
Mr President, I find myself in a difficult position in this debate as I believe that strong fiscal rules are necessary for a strong currency and a strong economy.
Mr President, I fully understand the significant interest in this Parliament in the actions being undertaken within the Union and beyond to tackle the challenges which some Member States are facing in relation to their public finances.
Mr President, I had the honour to be the rapporteur in this House when the European Arrest Warrant was approved in 2001 and 2002.
Mr President, I had understood that a question was being asked, but one was not put to me. What I would like to say is that I still feel it is wrong that we can put in the same boat, on an equal footing, democracies such as the United States or EU Member States, and countries and societies where power is exercised in an authoritarian and totalitarian manner, with ordinary citizens suffering excessive abuses.
Mr President, I have a short comment in anticipation of our trilogue and in response to two specific questions, from Mr Capoulas Santos and Ms Grelier, defending the food scheme for 'most deprived persons'.
Mr President, I have abandoned my prepared text because I have to say something about the proposal to have EU cultural attachés. I could not believe I was hearing it: I have to say that this proposal from the Commission is one of the most bizarre and ludicrous ever to come out of a body which is celebrated for its bizarre and ludicrous proposals.
Mr President, I have an oral amendment to my own written amendment.
Mr President, I have here the letter from the representative of Her Majesty's Government on the SURE report.
Mr President, I have to say that I am fairly satisfied with Mrs Damanaki's response on this issue of the consequences of rising oil prices for fishermen.
Mr President, I just wanted to point out that the Treaties are clear on this issue: the seat of the European Parliament, of this Chamber in which we find ourselves today and throughout this week, is Strasbourg and only Strasbourg.
Mr President, I may have changed my seat here to the ECR Group this week, but I have not changed my perspective on the European Union.
Mr President, I should also first like to thank the Council and Commission for coming to this compromise but, in particular, Mr Saïd El Khadraoui for the proper way in which these talks were concluded while not losing sight of their goal.
Mr President, I should like to express my deep indignation here and give voice to the protests being heard in Portugal against the policies that have led us to the crisis we are experiencing, in particular, the veritable submission and aggression pact imposed on the Portuguese people by what are known as the 'troika': the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the European Central Bank (ECB) and the European Commission.
Mr President, I should like to say this to the Commissioner: the bank crisis resolution is being elaborated at an international level and there are also important competition issues to address, but this does not mean that everything has to wait, in particular when we have a combined sovereign debt and banking crisis.
Mr President, I should like to thank everyone for the helpful and constructive way that we have conducted this debate today.
Mr President, I speak as Chair of the delegation which covers Pakistan, and I must say that some real crocodile tears have been shed here tonight by people expressing views which are about 180 degrees away from those they normally express.
Mr President, I speak as the rapporteur on the public Access to Documents Regulation No 1049/2001 and, in the spirit of the openness and transparency enshrined within that regulation, I welcome this agreement.
Mr President, I thank Mrs Wortmann-Kool, Mrs Bowles and, just now, Mr Sánchez Presedo for their three questions concerning an extremely important subject, namely the credibility of the stress tests for banks.
Mr President, I thank the Member for his question.
Mr President, I think Mr Weber rightly said that the transparency register being jointly managed is something to be proud of because, with the exception of the United States or Canada, I do not know of any other place outside the European Union where such a lobbies' register with such parameters as we are going to establish is functioning.
Mr President, I think the world-renowned Scottish poet Rabbie Burns might have described this report as a bit of a 'cow'rin, tim'rous beastie' in its original form.
Mr President, I thought the EU could not get any worse and then I came across this report.
Mr President, I venture to suggest that were Azerbaijan known as Azeria, as with Georgia and Armenia, European citizens' concern for democratic standards there would be higher.
Mr President, I voted against the motion for a resolution that deals with the negotiations for a free trade agreement with India.
Mr President, I voted in favour of granting discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the Clean Sky Joint Undertaking for the financial year 2009. I am aware that the Joint Undertaking is still in a start-up period.
Mr President, I voted in favour of this report for its moderate approach to the most pressing issues in the common foreign and security policy.
Mr President, I want to support that because it must have been a mistake, either in our voting lists or in our voting procedure, but there was such unanimity in supporting it that it would be very strange if it were not included.
Mr President, I want to thank everybody for supporting this initiative. I will be very brief.
Mr President, I wanted to support Mr Albertini. I think we could vote his oral amendment as an addition to the paragraph we voted on because it would be positive if this House were to condemn what is happening in Bahrain, especially the death sentences.
Mr President, I was a member of the EP delegation that went to India last month. A small group of us went, and it was exceedingly interesting and very valuable to go.
Mr President, I will be talking about Belarus and not Hungarian domestic politics.
Mr President, I will be very brief. I apologise that I did not get here in time for the Commissioner's answer at the beginning. I suppose my question refers to the fact that there is a low level of awareness among producers in many countries, and in some countries it is very low.
Mr President, I will take both questions at the same time because they are almost identical.
Mr President, I wish to support this resolution on human rights violations and war crimes committed in Sri Lanka.
Mr President, I would also like to protest against the language being used here, against terms of abuse such as 'populists', 'extremists' and the like, for people who simply want to protect the borders of their country.
Mr President, I would also like to thank my colleague, Mr Cadec, for giving us the opportunity to discuss very fundamental questions.
Mr President, I would ask Mr Preda what he has to say to the fact that, in this Parliament this morning, many colleagues including myself heard Mr Thomas Hammarberg, the Human Rights Commissioner of the Council of Europe, state clearly, in response to a question on this matter, that he indeed had corroboration of the serious suspicions of the existence of secret detention centres in Poland, in Lithuania and in Romania, and that he expected investigations to proceed.
Mr President, I would like to ask Ms Vergiat if it is true that her hatred is really directed towards the United States of America in its war against terror, rather than the issue of the death penalty? I have never heard her group condemn the execution of people in places like Cuba, or even in China, where it is a common occurrence, unfortunately.
Mr President, I would like to ask colleagues to vote in favour of Amendment No 1 because it supports the idea of having more funds for innovation policy but delete the wording suggesting that funds from the common agricultural policy ...
Mr President, I would like to ask my colleague if he does not accept that transferring from the national to the European budget some key items of expenditure is going to produce cost efficiencies and economies of scale and save national treasuries money.
Mr President, I would like to begin by thanking all of my fellow Members for the excellent cooperation and for a very constructive debate. I would like to conclude by making two rather provocative comments on the discussion as a whole.
Mr President, I would like to clarify that the committee has asked for this to be deferred because we have been the subject of a procedural violation. A recital that was agreed in a written trialogue procedure - and about which there can therefore be no doubt - was removed in the Coreper (Committee of Permanent Representatives) text.
Mr President, I would like to extend my congratulations to the rapporteur.
Mr President, I would like to offer my sincere thanks to the rapporteur, who has done an excellent job in collating the views of this House. I am sure that we are all in complete agreement as to the challenges that we face.
Mr President, I would like to say a few words on the need to move towards own resources reform. I believe that the dominating role of GNI-based revenue makes a decision on the EU budget over-politicised and less efficiency-oriented.
Mr President, I would like to say to the Commissioner that European citizens are losing confidence and trust in more and more European programmes.
Mr President, I would like to speak about one issue only.
Mr President, I would like to thank Mr Dalli for his measured comments at the start of the debate.
Mr President, I would like to thank Mr Moreira and the Committee on International Trade for giving me the opportunity to address the plenary on this important negotiation.
Mr President, I would like to thank all the rapporteurs: they have done an important job for us.
Mr President, I would like to thank honourable Members very much for their comments and I would like to make some remarks.
Mr President, I would like to thank the rapporteur and the Chair for the work they have done on this report.
Mr President, I would like to thank the rapporteur, Mrs Sanchez-Schmid, for her excellent work on this report. I am very pleased and very proud of the fact that the Committee on Legal Affairs submitted our opinion on which we were in total agreement and I find it gratifying that the majority of our views are included in your report.
Mr President, I would like to thank the rapporteur, Ms Hirsch, for her very constructive approach. I have listened to her with great interest because that was actually my dossier 12 years ago. I started to bring about the mobility in training which was not on the agenda at that moment, and I am very glad to hear how strongly Parliament is in favour of developing this essential element in the Europe 2020 strategy. I would also like to say how much we welcome the report, which reinforces and complements the Commission's communication of June 2010.
Mr President, I would like to thank you and also all the Members who contributed to this debate. I will not have time to react to every single interesting comment that was made, but I can assure you we have taken note of the feeling expressed in this House.
Mr President, I would say to the Commissioner that, in recent years, innovation has become a symbol of a policy instrument that can fix all our problems.
Mr President, I, like many others in this House, share the concern for, and the sympathy with, the people affected by the terrible floods in Pakistan. I did so at the time and I do now.
Mr President, Mr Andor, ladies and gentlemen, firstly, I would like to extend a warm welcome to the members of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) group from the Wesel district assembly who are in the gallery. I would like to say to Mr Andor that we are pleased to hear him thanking us for our cooperation on the issue of agencies.
Mr President, Mr Barroso, it is true that we do not always understand the European Union's position, but you have just answered that. I would like to say three things.
Mr President, Mr Dess, honourable Members, this report has come at a pivotal time, just as the Commission is drafting detailed legislative proposals that it plans to present to Parliament and the Council in October.
Mr President, Mr Garriga Polledo, you will understand that the Left has particularly high expectations in relation to the social alignment of the EU and is therefore a little disappointed that your report does not give greater priority to social aspects for the coming years.
Mr President, Mr Oettinger, the current US Government initially spoke out clearly in favour of closing the detention camp at Guantánamo.
Mr President, Mr Rehn, the joint question on the review of the Small Business Act shows that there is still a great deal to be done to ensure that medium-sized companies in Europe have freedom to act, particularly on a national level.
Mr President, Mr Verhofstadt asked the Commission to rewrite the communication but I wonder if, before it is rewritten, we could get a clear answer today as to whether or not you are aiming to improve the current existing system, to temporarily close borders, or to add something to the existing system.
Mr President, Mr Watson is quite right in saying that the first casualty of any war, and specifically this one, is truth.
Mr President, Mrs McGuinness made an important point just now, namely that there is a moral and ethical dimension to this issue, given all the public health, biodiversity and economic concerns we have raised.
Mr President, President of the Commission, President-in-Office of the Council, Minister Győri, I would firstly like to say a brief word to you, in acknowledgement of all the work you have done and especially of the methodical approach you employed and the hours you devoted to this work, with Parliament in particular. I think that is worth mentioning and so, once again, thank you.
Mr President, President-in-Office of the Council, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to make three groups of points on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs.
Mr President, Schengen is indeed a fantastic achievement.
Mr President, a common fisheries policy primarily based on the protection of the environment must allow the management and development of European fisheries to be maintained at a sustainable level.
Mr President, a great deal could be said about the European Arrest Warrant and the application of it by the Member States, some of which has already been said by my fellow Members.
Mr President, a regulation on the European environmental economic accounts sounds very boring but, in my experience, that makes it the most dangerous kind of EU legislation, because you think that the taxpayer and the media will not bother to read it.
Mr President, a strong, well-funded cohesion policy is vital if the EU is to play its part in creating jobs and growth, particularly when Member States are cutting their spending.
Mr President, after an era of openness, tolerance and enthusiasm for Europe, we have seen in recent years a deterioration of our unity and a division among Europeans, even in this House, on issues such as freedom of movement, immigration, national interest and, above all, money.
Mr President, after over an hour spent debating the report by Mr Dess, I remain very optimistic, not only about tomorrow's vote and the support for a report which, as I said in my introductory remarks, is very similar to the proposals contained in the Commission communication from the end of last year, but also about our future common agricultural policy.
Mr President, allow me to conclude by saying that, rather than to appeal for the Guantánamo base to be closed, it would be more to the point to call for the restoration of Cuba's sovereignty over this part of her territory, which is illegally occupied by the United States.
Mr President, although the United Kingdom is not a member of the euro zone - and I hope it never will be - we have a vested interest in its success. I wish the euro zone well and I regret that I am unable to support the proposals on economic governance we are debating tonight.
Mr President, although the deportations in the Baltic states on 14 June 1941 and the second wave of deportations in March 1949 led to the subjugation of thousands of innocent people to many years of humiliation in Siberia and in death camps, Europe and world public opinion have not yet, to this day, recognised this fact.
Mr President, as Chair of the Committee on International Trade I have a mandate from the committee to ask for the postponement of the vote on the legislative resolution.
Mr President, as I may be the last speaker, let me take this opportunity to thank your staff and the interpreters for your patience.
Mr President, as a matter of courtesy, I would ask that Commissioner Rehn be allowed to sit in on the debate on European environmental economic accounts and then on the debate on the IMF.
Mr President, as far as I know, Mr Böge is a member of the CDU in Germany. I wonder whether his plea for own resources of the EU reflects his own personal position or the position of his party in Germany?
Mr President, as rapporteur for the Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality, I would like to point out that when the crucial decisions are taken with regard to the economy and financial and monetary affairs, fiscal matters and trade policy, all decisions that affect the budget and our opportunities, the amount of influence that women have on these decisions is currently very small.
Mr President, as the Commissioner has said, he agrees with this resolution, and it reiterates everything that the EU-India Free Trade Agreement could encourage - investment, the elimination of tariffs, non-tariff barriers, etc.
Mr President, as the rapporteur, Jo Leinen, said, the purpose of the Commission proposal is indeed to establish a common legal framework for the collection, compilation, transmission and evaluation of European environmental economic accounts in order to facilitate more balanced decision making with the goal of sustainable development.
Mr President, as you are well aware, British Conservatives normally take the view that we abstain on questions to do with the euro or with Schengen because we are outside both, and therefore arguably it is none of our business.
Mr President, atrocities are happening in Camp Ashraf - atrocities that we obviously condemn and about which we are profoundly concerned - but I would like to ask Lady Ashton what instruments we are using apart from words? Are we considering trade measures, aid measures, and other concrete and real measures, rather than persuasion, which is fruitless?
Mr President, before I go into the substance, I would like to express my sincere appreciation to the Chair of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, the rapporteurs, the shadow rapporteurs and all representatives of the political groups who actively participated in the process for all their valuable contributions. I am equally thankful to the Commission, and the Commissioner himself, for their efforts to facilitate discussions, not only during the trilogues here in Parliament but within the Council too.
Mr President, before highlighting a few elements of this elaborate report on the role of culture in the EU's external actions, I want to sincerely thank my colleagues from the Committee on Culture and Education for their constructive collaboration and for unanimously adopting our joint work in the committee vote.
Mr President, can you indicate how many more questions you might be prepared to take in this section?
Mr President, cohesion policy accounts for one of the largest individual budgets in the European Union.
Mr President, dear colleagues, one month ago, I came to Brussels by car and at the Hungarian border, I saw a huge queue of trucks. I recall counting 87. They were from Germany, Italy, Denmark and Hungary, loaded with goods which people were waiting for.
Mr President, democracy and respect for human rights and the rule of law are an integral part of the new association agreement which is currently being negotiated between Azerbaijan and the European Union.
Mr President, developments in Azerbaijan regarding democracy and human rights continue to be a matter of serious concern to all of us. Over the last few years, we have noted a worrying trend of increasing restrictions in this domain.
Mr President, easy choices and pain-free solutions have been out of the question for quite some time.
Mr President, finally, Sri Lanka is enjoying peace after a quarter of a century of terrorist insurgency, and the UN report on the Sri Lankan army's defeat of the Tamil Tigers is heavy on criticism and light on substantive, proven facts.
Mr President, first allow me to thank the Committee on Budgetary Control, and in particular the rapporteur Mr Chatzimarkakis, for their excellent cooperation and the report he has drawn up, including the recommendation that the budget for 2009 should be discharged. I would also like to thank Mr Staes for his report on the implementation of the European Development Fund, and Mr Stavrakakis for his report on agencies.
Mr President, first of all I would like to thank all the rapporteurs for the great job they have done, especially my colleagues and friends Sylvie Goulard and Carl Haglund.
Mr President, first of all the key question of this debate today is what we can expect from this European Council on Thursday and on Friday.
Mr President, first of all, I would like to apologise for not being present at the beginning of the debate, but I was only just arriving from Brussels by plane and you were - how shall I put it? - in advance of the schedule, which is very laudable, but which resulted in my being a little bit late.
Mr President, first of all, I would like to congratulate the rapporteur for highlighting the number of challenges in front of us. I also welcome the very clear message in the report calling for a significant increase in research and science because that is one of the priorities we need to have.
Mr President, first of all, I would like to pay tribute to Mr Garriga Polledo, including on behalf of the majority of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development (AGRI), for his excellent work over recent months.
Mr President, first of all, I would like to thank the rapporteur for doing such an immense and very important job.
Mr President, first of all, may I say that, during the sitting this morning, we will see real evidence of the work of our Committee on Culture, Education and Young People. I am rapporteur for a dossier, a very important report on Youth on the Move, which is based on a communication from the European Commission.
Mr President, firstly, I would like to say to that I feel ashamed by the amount of nationalism and short-sightedness which has been expressed in this debate.
Mr President, firstly, I would like to thank Mr Garriga and the members of the temporary Special committee on the policy challenges and budgetary resources for a sustainable European Union after 2013 because I believe they have done an excellent job. I have rarely seen such a balanced and reasonable report as the one brought forward by the Policy Changes Committee.
Mr President, for an arrest warrant, there has to be prima facie evidence.
Mr President, for the 16th year the Court of Auditors has only given a qualified statement of assurance, which means for the 16th year public confidence in the integrity of the management of our financial affairs has been undermined. I recognise that the Commission has made efforts to make improvements, but in voting to grant discharge I can only vote outcomes, not intent.
Mr President, for the Committee on Development, this is not just a clear report, but a vital one as well, because it establishes that the European Union will be shouldering its responsibility for the poorest countries during the next seven years and that it will therefore make appropriations to this end in the budget.
Mr President, from the very first words, you have all understood that the debate would be quite lively and that there would be two views.
Mr President, having been listening to this debate, the speech I am about to make goes against the grain.
Mr President, honourable Members, I would like to read out the Council's political statement on the transparency register.
Mr President, honourable Members, after three years' negotiations, we are now close to the adoption of the amended directive on charging heavy goods vehicles, the so-called Eurovignette Directive.
Mr President, honourable Members, firstly I would like to express my thanks for the commitment you have shown in this comprehensive debate involving a large number of speeches.
Mr President, honourable Members, the Commission and Baroness Ashton, the High Representative, are deeply concerned about the situation in Madagascar and we have promised to give our continued support to the people of this beautiful country.
Mr President, honourable Members, the European Union is working closely together with the United States of America in the war against terror.
Mr President, honourable Members, the future common agricultural policy must rise to the challenges facing agriculture, and here I am referring to food security, the stabilisation of agricultural incomes and the production of high quality and extremely safe food products.
Mr President, how can the EU be a force for law and human security without identifying and trying the criminals who let refugees die in the Mediterranean.
Mr President, if I may take this opportunity, speaking on behalf of Her Majesty's Government, I want to respond to Mr Verhofstadt who, as ever, has missed the point and who, as ever, is facing in the wrong direction.
Mr President, in 2014, it will be 100 years since the murder of Archduke Franz Ferdinand, which triggered the start of the First World War.
Mr President, in a European Union where we are seeing moves towards renationalisation in all areas, the Treaty of Lisbon should be used as a tool for creating a new community policy: the common foreign, security and defence policy.
Mr President, in my first speech I had four minutes available and I only used up two.
Mr President, in my view, the arrest warrant is a fundamental tool in the fight against organised crime, terrorism and other forms of crime.
Mr President, in recent years, academic and political focus on culture and education has increased dramatically, with analysis consistently highlighting these areas to be crucial not only in encouraging economic growth and social cohesion, but also in facilitating mobility for young people across Europe.
Mr President, in the Anglo-American world, the primary purpose of the law is to protect people from random arrest and arbitrary imprisonment.
Mr President, in the five months since 19 December, the political atmosphere in Belarus has become dramatically worse.
Mr President, in the view of the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament, the component of the economic governance package that deals with the Stability and Growth Pact is not the response that Europe requires at this time of structural crisis.
Mr President, in this case, too, the text is included in the voting list. I would just like to make one comment: the subject is the protest against the condemnation of demonstrators in Bahrain and criticism of that conduct.
Mr President, is Mr Díaz de Mera aware that a fast-track extradition treaty was signed between the UK and Spain in 2003, long before the European Arrest Warrant, and would the speaker perhaps consider that this is a better blueprint for dealing with serious crime, rather than the European Arrest Warrant with all the problems of which we are now hearing?
Mr President, it does not happen every day in Parliament that Members of six different political groups table a joint question which leads to a debate.
Mr President, it has often been said that our citizens are unaware of the greater powers that this Parliament has had since Lisbon.
Mr President, it is always interesting to see that, as soon as we start talking about a forward-looking budget, the debate is only ever about 'how much exactly?'. This debate should actually be about three issues, three priorities which for us, the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance, are crucial.
Mr President, it is appalling that during the protracted military conflict in Sri Lanka that ended in 2009, nearly 100 000 people were killed, including tens of thousands of civilians, most of whom died in the final phase of the conflict.
Mr President, it is becoming clear that administrations in some of the capitals in our Union now realise what the Treaty of Lisbon stands for and find it difficult to adopt a foreign policy initiative which does not come from them.
Mr President, it is important that decisions be taken in June on an ambitious package of legislation aimed at strengthening economic governance in Europe in order to win back the confidence of the markets and also in order to ensure growth and jobs on behalf of all our citizens and to increase the cohesion of our economies. I therefore want to call on the Council to give its backing to Parliament's ambition to provide greater accountability and more public debate in this House, greater involvement of the national parliaments, and to put an end to horse-trading in the Council when the Commission's view is not to its liking.
Mr President, it is my belief that much progress has undeniably been made with the Commission's proposal, the Council's position and what is now on the table - which will be put to the vote tomorrow - if they are examined objectively.
Mr President, it is obvious that if we do not resolve the Greek problem we will have huge problems in the whole euro zone.
Mr President, it is pointless for me to quote it. It is included in the explanation of vote: it begins with 'welcomes' and ends with 'manner'. You can read it in the text.
Mr President, it is true that the situation in Azerbaijan is difficult, and we have reasons for concern.
Mr President, it was asked how the budget will be able to respond to the food challenge while at the same time responding to the objectives set by the Treaties of the European Union concerning the common agricultural policy and the Europe 2020 Strategy.
Mr President, just as the right to life has a very special place among human rights, the death penalty has no place in democratic societies.
Mr President, just to add an Irish voice to this debate: I, too, share the disillusionment with the extent of nationalism across this floor. I am disappointed that the Chamber is half empty for what is the most important debate for Europe in this session.
Mr President, just when responsible people and governments are watching every penny, the Commission proposes more expense - Youth on the Move card, European skills passport, European Vacancy Monitor - through Europe 2020, all for cultural diplomacy and to get young people to travel when they do that already, backpacking their way round the world on their own initiative.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I believe Mr Albertini was right because as rapporteur, he had four minutes for his speech and two for his reply. I therefore take the liberty of pointing out that he should have his four minutes.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I consider this report to be completely unacceptable. I am aware of the tragic floods that struck Pakistan last year and I think it is right to help that country. I understand that the European Union has already made around EUR 500 million available, which I do not consider to be a trifling sum.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I thank the rapporteur, Mr Manders, together with all the other shadow rapporteurs and the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection (IMCO) for their work towards reaching an agreement after difficult negotiations. I believe it is crucial to reach an agreement at second reading because it will allow citizens and businesses to benefit more quickly from new fibres and innovative products resulting from it, and national governments will be able to reduce costs.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I trust that the forthcoming session of the Justice and Home Affairs Council to be held in two days' time will make important decisions concerning both the expansion and the verification aspects of the Schengen issue, but in a way that guarantees the freedom of movement of our citizens.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to offer my contribution by stating the need for a new methodological approach, particularly in the heritage and cultural heritage sector, linked to the intelligent use of new technology.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, almost nine months after the disastrous floods, the situation in Pakistan is still bad and the people of Pakistan need our help.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, as rapporteur, and on behalf of the political groups that are in agreement, I call for the vote on the two reports on the transport of funds to be postponed. I am referring to the report that we are discussing now and to report, which is the fifth item to be voted on after this one.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, following a negotiations marathon, Mr El Khadraoui and the representatives of the Council and the Commission managed to tie up an improved package of measures for road charging for heavy goods vehicles in Europe. I am very grateful to those involved and, in particular, to our rapporteur, for what they have achieved.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, it has become very clear from our debate today that we have made an extremely important step forward for the transport sector with the Eurovignette Directive.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, research and innovation policy is one of the three main pillars of the polices of the European Union. I would also say that it will increasingly become a strategic tool that is absolutely essential for our future.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the Eurovignette and the results of the negotiations represent an example of how the Council is currently attempting to place limitations on and water down all Parliament's proposals, particularly in the field of transport policy.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the difficult economic and financial situation in Europe has highlighted the weaknesses of individual Member States, which are working hard to avoid the sovereign debt crisis.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the fact that, today, we can mention the 70th anniversary of the deportation of innocent people in the Baltic countries, and that we recognise this, gives Europe back its dignity, solidarity and our collective political memory.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the financial crisis has particularly emphasised the necessity of innovation in the economy of the European Union and therefore, the Commission's proposals for the 'Innovation Union' are particularly welcome. A successful innovation policy must rest on three pillars: political support, finance and orderly legislation.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the measure in question is designed to replace three obsolete directives and relates to the labelling of textile products entering the European Union and the registration and naming of the substances they are made of.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, this report is a proper, reasonable offer by Parliament to the Commission and Council for the further development of the budgetary basis of the European Union in difficult times.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, tomorrow Parliament will have to make its decision, and I hope it will send out a signal loud and clear, both to our citizens, to restore their confidence in Europe, and to the markets, to stabilise our currency.
Mr President, last summer's stress tests were meant to restore confidence in banks.
Mr President, last year individual countries were able to decide which banks would undergo the stress test, but this year the newly-established European Banking Authority has been charged with ensuring equal criteria for every bank and for every Member State.
Mr President, lest we forget that there are people affected by these problems, I met a young Irishman on the flight to Frankfurt today, on his way to Australia with a one-way ticket, and he is just one of thousands who are doing this because of our economic and banking problems.
Mr President, let us be clear: there is an urgent need for the European fishing fleets to restructure so as to move away from energy-intensive, environmentally destructive fishing vessels and gear and to adopt more benign practices that require less energy and are more sustainable in the long-term: environmentally, socially and economically.
Mr President, let us be very open and blunt about this: what we have seen in recent weeks on this issue has been shameful - Italy issuing temporary residence permits to refugees from Tunisia, then France reacting by reintroducing internal border checks, as if the European Union had suddenly ceased to exist.
Mr President, many in this Chamber have been involved in the politics of Sri Lanka, and indeed the politics of the diaspora of Sri Lanka and of the Tamil community.
Mr President, many of us are outraged at the fact that, despite a comprehensive public debate on this, Europe is still dumping hazardous waste in poorer countries.
Mr President, may I begin by saying that I hope you will continue to address this Chamber in your native tongue, which matches any language in the world for its accomplishment, its diversity and its antiquity.
Mr President, money spent at European level should, generally speaking, be adding value and that should be clear to citizens.
Mr President, much has been said and I would like to add a different note to this meeting.
Mr President, my apologies! Please start timing. I wish to present a number of comments from the opinion of the Committee on Regional Development.
Mr President, my fellow Member just said that a year is a good time to look back over and I can bring news from Finland where it will hopefully be announced this evening that the Finnish Parliament will support the financial rescue package for Portugal.
Mr President, my group agrees with the mandate for negotiating with the governments, which we are here to adopt today, but I would nonetheless like to raise a political issue that is not in the document in question, and which relates to what is currently happening in Greece and my country, Portugal, and to recent statements by Jean-Claude Juncker.
Mr President, my own constituency has a long history of combining the promotion of the Welsh language to the young generation with artistic and technical talents to produce animated programmes like Sally Mally, Super Ted and Sam Tân. Today, this past has been reinvigorated by new productions such as Dr Who and Torchwood, so that Wales is quickly becoming known as a centre for cultural excellence with regard to film and programme production, as well as being home to newer creative areas, like the hugely profitable gaming industry.
Mr President, my thanks to the rapporteur, Mr Leinen, for his report.
Mr President, no one will disagree that terrorism needs to be prevented and that suspects need to be tried and held accountable, brought to justice in a fair trial, but in the so-called war on terror, we risk compromising precisely those freedoms and values that we claim to defend against destruction through terrorism.
Mr President, on 23 May 2009, the UN Secretary-General, Ban Ki-moon, and the President of Sri Lanka, Rajapaksa, signed a joint statement in which Sri Lanka agreed to guarantee accountability for alleged war crimes and crimes against humanity during the war which ended in May 2009.
Mr President, on 25 April 2011, the United Nations made public the advisory report of the panel of experts appointed by the UN Secretary-General on accountability in relation to the armed conflict in Sri Lanka.
Mr President, on a practical level, we can guarantee this by providing incentives to farmers to adopt agricultural practices which not only respect the environment and the quality of soil, water and biodiversity, but which ensure that farmers succeed in reducing carbon emissions and keeping more carbon in the soil.
Mr President, on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, I would like to highlight three priority areas.
Mr President, once again, I deplore the persisting climate of fear and intimidation towards political opponents in Belarus and the ongoing harassment and persecution of opposition figures since the presidential elections in December 2010.
Mr President, one of the priorities of the forthcoming Polish Presidency is to strengthen the Eastern Partnership.
Mr President, our duty is to look for the best solutions to cope with the crisis, to which end the learning process is of great value.
Mr President, over the past three months, my office has sent emails, made phone calls and drafted lists to raise awareness of this declaration on missing persons in Cyprus.
Mr President, rather than a technical debate, I think this is more of a policy debate within the context of decisions made by the institutions of the European Union - in this case Parliament, the Commission and the Council - to boost the real economy.
Mr President, simplifying the binding legal framework in respect of the labelling of textile products is intended to encourage the development of new textiles and their introduction onto the market.
Mr President, so far we have found agreement on almost all of the package and have demonstrated that codecision is working, with thanks to the hard work of the Hungarian Presidency and of course to András Kármán in particular, and to the Parliament negotiating team and the Commission.
Mr President, sorry, could you tell me which subject we are on now? I did not hear it.
Mr President, thank you for having conducted this debate with as much democracy and generosity as to enable many of my fellow Members to participate.
Mr President, thank you for your kind words of solidarity.
Mr President, the Commission is aware of the current situation in the fishing sector.
Mr President, the Commission welcomes Parliament's remarks and suggestions. I am pleased to see that we agree on the majority of issues.
Mr President, the Commission welcomes the report, as it supports our smart regulation agenda and aims to strengthen the shared responsibility of the EU institutions in this area.
Mr President, the Commission's suggestion that the 2012 budget should limit its increase to the absolute minimum necessary to meet the EU's legal commitments would mean freezing the European Union, and the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament cannot agree with that.
Mr President, the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs very much welcomes the increase in the area of freedom, security and justice but also believes that, before taking up new measures and programmes, the existing ones should be properly evaluated and that those evaluations should be taken as a base for drawing up the new programmes.
Mr President, the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety can also express its satisfaction with the report in the form in which it has been tabled before us. It takes account of the scarcity of raw materials, the threat to biodiversity, the move towards sustainable energy and, in particular - and I find this key - the importance of sustainability for our economy.
Mr President, the Development and Cooperation DG is responsible for managing the European Neighbourhood Policy Instrument (ENPI) cross-border cooperation programmes, and this has led to quite an absurd situation when it comes to cross-border cooperation with Russia - which is neither an ENPI target country nor a recipient of EU development assistance.
Mr President, the ECR Group believes that capital punishment is a personal conscience issue for each MEP and, although we acknowledge the EU's common position opposing execution in all circumstances, the fact of the matter is that many millions of European citizens, our constituents, are still in favour of capital punishment.
Mr President, the EHEC epidemic is making apparent the flaws in the system of industrial food production in the liberalised Internal Market of the EU. When profits take priority over the protection of health, then food quality and food safety suffers.
Mr President, the Eurovignette Directive is important because it lays down the European ground rules for a per-kilometre charge and thus ensures a level playing field for road transport within the European Union.
Mr President, the German and European authorities are still trying to identify the source of the E coli outbreak.
Mr President, the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) has concerns about the European banking sector stress test which is to take place in June, because last year's stress test lacked credibility and the consequences of that were painfully obvious when the Irish banks that passed the test landed in serious trouble shortly thereafter.
Mr President, the Hungarian Presidency is very pleased that this agreement was reached with the European Parliament, and I am sure that the measure debated now and awaiting adoption by Parliament can lead to an increase in economic efficiency and a decrease in the negative environmental impacts in the transport sector, and that as a result, European Union citizens will be the winners of this directive being adopted.
Mr President, the Schengen zone is indeed a very important and visible achievement for European citizens and the message is coming out clearly from this Chamber today that we need to fight together not just to preserve it, but to strengthen it further.
Mr President, the Small Business Act is precisely what we, as politicians and legislators, should be focusing on as we look for ways of fostering new growth and re-energising our economies.
Mr President, the United Kingdom went through this exactly twenty years ago.
Mr President, the arrest warrant hearings have very little in common with extradition hearings that preceded the 2003 Act.
Mr President, the big question facing EU leaders tomorrow is whether they are up to the task of saving European achievements in the common currency and free-movement zone. 'More Europe' is not the answer to everything, but on key issues like these we do need strengthened ability for European decision-making. I welcome President Barroso's much tougher statement today than in our debate on Schengen and migration in May.
Mr President, the civil war in Sri Lanka lasted 25 years and ended with the defeat of the Tamil Tigers.
Mr President, the continued existence of the death penalty in the US and the situation in Guantánamo Bay undermines the United States' legitimacy as our partner in advancing human rights. I appreciate President Obama's earlier calls to close Guantánamo very much, but we have yet to see decisive action by the US Government to respond to those calls or take action to reform their system for dealing with detainees, especially in the al-Nashiri case.
Mr President, the democracy and human rights situation in Azerbaijan is raising legitimate concerns.
Mr President, the developments in the Southern Neighbourhood and the ensuing migration flows are posing a serious challenge for the European Union.
Mr President, the economic crisis has had an effect on Europe's small and medium-sized enterprises.
Mr President, the explosion at Chernobyl was a disaster, but let us keep it in perspective: 64 people were killed by Chernobyl radiation over 23 years, and it caused an unknown proportion of 6000 cases of thyroid cancer.
Mr President, the fight against climate change is a major challenge for Europe, and more efforts in research and innovation will be needed in order to develop a society whose carbon emissions are low and which is resilient to climate change.
Mr President, the government of Singapore and the authorities in Hong Kong and Shanghai are scouring London and the other financial centres of Europe looking to recruit the people who have been driven abroad by the excessive regulatory burden being imposed by the European Union.
Mr President, the hypocrisy of the imperialist powers and their double-speak about human rights is demonstrated most graphically behind the wire in Guantánamo Bay.
Mr President, the illegal and unelected regime of Andry Rajoelina is riddled with corruption and has orchestrated serious human rights abuses in Madagascar, yet Rajoelina came to power pledging an end to corruption and human rights abuses that allegedly flourished under the ousted former President, Marc Ravalomanana.
Mr President, the images of last summer's flooding in Pakistan were indeed shocking, and the European Union rightly sought to implement aid measures to assist the millions of Pakistanis whose lives were devastated by this terrible disaster.
Mr President, the key point, in the opinion of the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection, is the creation of an Innovation Union with an enhanced social profile predicated on job creation.
Mr President, the long-running military conflict between the government forces and the armed groups of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam, which has had very cruel consequences for the civilian population living in the conflict zones, came to an end in 2009.
Mr President, the major development in the common foreign and security policy (CFSP) this year has undoubtedly been the establishment of the European External Action Service (EEAS). Baroness Ashton, as Vice-President/High Representative, you have recently come under pressure for its lacklustre performance.
Mr President, the measures we are discussing here this evening are to be welcomed. I think they show that the European Union has the capacity, the will and the intelligence to take measures arising out of the lessons we have learned from the economic crisis.
Mr President, the mocking of Her Majesty's Government by Mr Verhofstadt when he shared with us his logic as to why Britain should hand over more money and more power to the EU was further evidence of the palpable disdain in which the UK, its national government and its citizens are held by some in this House.
Mr President, the most fundamental weakness of the proposed stress tests has now been referred to. It is the possibility of widespread sovereignty faults.
Mr President, the package of six proposals intended to improve discipline within the euro area is based on the belief that the Member States will comply more rigorously with the newly created and stricter architecture for supranational surveillance. I regard it as problematic to think along these lines, particularly since some Member States have been incapable of following the less stringent rules to date, and effectively enforcing their implementation. I would like to mention four points which I consider controversial.
Mr President, the position of the cultural and creative industry forms part of the European strategy for innovation and the EU 2020 strategy, and is closely connected with measures aimed at the more effective use of monuments, museums and gallery collections, or urban and rural units in tourism and related activities.
Mr President, the position regarding the UK Government with regard to both the European Arrest Warrant and the European Investigation Order is that clearly they feel they have an obligation - quite rightly - to do what is best for the UK in relation to cross-border crime.
Mr President, the previous debate was passionate and also fascinating and this one is much more consensual. I get the impression that no one is questioning the effectiveness of extradition, of the European Arrest Warrant, the reduction in the length of proceedings and therefore, in a nutshell, the fight against crime.
Mr President, the previous speaker mentioned that she is calling for some sort of commission to go to Sri Lanka to look at what is going on on the ground there.
Mr President, the previous speaker said that if Greece were to leave the eurozone, its currency would collapse, but in that case, it would default.
Mr President, the public, the hardworking taxpayers across Europe who actually earn the money which so many in this place are so keen to spend, want Europe to do less and they want Europe to do it better.
Mr President, the reason we, the Greens, support this joint resolution is that we consider the fight against corruption a fundamental factor in the establishment and consolidation of the rule of law in Ukraine, with a view precisely to deepening its relations with the European Union and enhancing its integration into EU policies.
Mr President, the report by Mrs Merkies - whom I thank for the work she has done - is Parliament's first important contribution to the Commission proposal on the Innovation Union initiative.
Mr President, the report on Youth on the Move contains some good ideas, like the demand that the crisis must not be used as an excuse to cut education spending.
Mr President, the restrictive measures taken against Yulia Tymoshenko mark the continuation by the current government of a series of actions targeted against members of the former government, with the aim of intimidating and weakening the opposition.
Mr President, the road to democracy is often a slow and tortuous one.
Mr President, the situation in Madagascar is the classical situation where the new is no better than the old.
Mr President, the sovereign debt crisis will not be solved until the banks are sorted out, and you cannot sort out the banks if regulators' stress tests refuse to admit that the sovereign debt crisis exists.
Mr President, the vote on the report by Mr Garriga will be a simple choice: choosing a Europe that is moving forward, a vote by people who, leaving aside their political affiliations, believe in the future of Europe.
Mr President, there are three key issues with regard to Heading 2: the common agricultural policy (CAP). There are no major problems in relation to the first pillar, since it represents about 90% of expenditure and is implemented at about 100%, so we welcome the 3% increase in expenditure for 2012, as this neatly accommodates the costs of the expansion of the CAP which, as we know, will take place gradually until 2013.
Mr President, there is a fundamental paradox in EU policy on small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). On the one hand, there is almost unanimous support for their importance to the economy, to employment, wealth creation, innovation and flexibility, and their overall sheer size within the economy.
Mr President, there is general agreement in this House that the European Arrest Warrant is a positive tool and has served the European Union well and acted as a security.
Mr President, these are just a few of the topics on which work has already started.
Mr President, this Parliament conducted an investigation into the so-called renditions programme and went to Poland and two other countries, including Romania, where there were allegations of secret prisons.
Mr President, this appears to be the catalyst which started the whole thing off. I do not want any British MEPs to be here anyway. I do not see why we should have to put up with foreign institutions like this running our affairs.
Mr President, this debate confirms the broad common understanding between Parliament and the Commission on the way forward and on the need to improve our policies and programmes, bringing added value to EU citizens. I think we are moving in the right direction, and the issues you have raised concerning the introduction of management declarations, more automaticity in the application of sanctions and work on recoveries are really important subjects, on which the Commission is working.
Mr President, this is a further stage in an exceptional piece of work that we have been doing in the European Parliament.
Mr President, this is a real crisis. 23 people are dead, over 2 000 have been affected, the vegetable markets are in turmoil with prices on the floor, and it is estimated that producers are losing EUR 300 million a day.
Mr President, this morning, Mr Daul came running to speak here in the plenary on the need for a bigger EU budget, but he was running so fast that he was running out of breath and had to stop speaking.
Mr President, this review's 10 principles include helping SMEs to benefit from opportunities of the single market, but the eurozone is collapsing, so how can it provide more opportunities? It also wants SMEs to benefit from the growth in markets.
Mr President, this week's European Council has a very substantive agenda.
Mr President, this will be the first of three contributions that I will make to honourable Members this morning, so I want to start by giving you my vision of the issues that face us and also to try and touch upon some of the detail of the issues that honourable Members have added to this debate, knowing the importance that you attach to them.
Mr President, to my colleague who is afraid of educated young people moving to another state, I would say that civilisation grows and develops when people move, and we ought not to be afraid of that.
Mr President, today we are here to debate migration and cross-border movement of European citizens, but let me start by reminding all of us that yesterday was the 61st anniversary of the Schuman Declaration, which laid the foundations of the European Union, and from that day began a process in which European people have been willing to come together and put aside their differences, to build a European continent without borders, where our citizens can move freely between countries.
Mr President, today, the call is for subsidies for fishermen because of the increase in fuel prices, tomorrow, it will be farmers and, after that, lorry drivers and then airline operators, and then what about the owners of petrol stations? Their profits have gone down because fuel prices have gone up.
Mr President, today, we are discussing innovation strategy in plenary for the second time.
Mr President, two years have passed since power was taken by force in Madagascar by a military regime that has not fulfilled at all the commitments made to ensure a transition to democracy, political pluralism and freedom of expression.
Mr President, we are debating a dossier today which has put on our agenda in recent months a number of issues of principle. I would like to thank the rapporteur, Carlos Coelho, for the extremely professional manner in which he has carried out his job in the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs, so as to ensure that these principles are respected.
Mr President, we are discussing the situation in Belarus for the fourth time this year, yet the political prisoners who were apprehended in December have still not been released.
Mr President, we are looking at a package that has had last-minute changes made to it by the Economic and Financial Affairs Council, which have not yet been translated into the various languages.
Mr President, we are talking about politics and about human rights in the context of Belarus. I would like, today, to adopt a somewhat unconventional approach and recall the names of two people who are connected with this subject.
Mr President, we did not want to fundamentally change - or rather propose to fundamentally change - the order of business by adding or replacing an item; we are simply asking to expand the topic on which the Vice-President will be reporting.
Mr President, we had long-drawn-out negotiations involving six political groups on this particular resolution.
Mr President, we have been talking about European contract law for over a decade; now is the time for action, and if ever there was a time when the Internal Market needed a boost in terms of additional transactions, it is now.
Mr President, we have heard a lot today about giving and giving and giving and cutting and cutting and cutting. I want to add another dimension to the mix, and that is 'taking and taking and taking'. I am referring in particular to the interest rate being charged by the ECB to my own country, Ireland.
Mr President, we have talked in this Chamber about what is happening in Belarus on average once every two months since the beginning of the year - this is now the third time.
Mr President, we hope that further progress will be made at the summit in Nizhny Novgorod with regard to a new and comprehensive Partnership and Cooperation Agreement.
Mr President, we need a robust European crisis resolution mechanism for cross-border banks and while, by obtaining the results of the stress test as early as June, we might be helping banks in difficulty, we will be missing an opportunity, in that we will still not have a European crisis resolution mechanism in place.
Mr President, we on the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs have argued that innovations are absolutely crucial to economic development and improved employment, now that Europe is looking for a way out of the economic crisis.
Mr President, we say that consumer power is important, and if we are serious about this we clearly must also give consumers the opportunity to use their power.
Mr President, we, the co-authors, all agreed to a compromise yesterday that reads as follows: 'Notes the growing illegal trade in all Member States in counterfeit and pirated products imported from third countries, which are threatening the competitiveness of European SMEs'.
Mr President, when Mr Leinen and I come back to political positions of the last millennium, we are mostly in agreement, and that is also the case with this report.
Mr President, when the European system of protected designations of origin (PDOs), protected geographical indications (PGIs) and traditional specialities guaranteed (TSGs) was set up, equivalent systems already existed in some Member States.
Mr President, whenever we talk about the European Union budget and European funds, especially about the future Multiannual Financial Framework, we automatically talk about European added value. I do not think that there is an area or segment in the European Union budget where European added value is bigger, with so little money.
Mr President, while debating how Greece can be rescued from a default that could cause an economic and financial storm around the world, this House is asking to increase its own budget for 2012 by almost 5%.
Mr President, while the question of pursuing our energy strategy, with or without nuclear power, is now being debated in the Member States concerned, we should keep in mind that, whichever decision is taken, nuclear safety will remain a long-standing issue for several generations.
Mr President, while unrest in the Middle East and North Africa requires the European Union to play a greater role in the Mediterranean region, I would like to raise the point of the second flotilla to Gaza.
Mr President, while we welcome the release from prison of Adnan Hajizade and Emin Milli, the good news about Azerbaijan ends about there.
Mr President, while you are enjoying yourself with your jokey and unorthodox approach to dealing with requests from the floor for check votes, may I humbly submit that, if you were to go a little slower, the interpretation could keep up with your announcements, and we could then vote in a more timely fashion.
Mr President, with 22 people dead in the EU and over 2 000 taken in for treatment as a result of the ongoing E coli outbreak across Europe, it is appropriate that this Parliament extends its sympathies to those who have lost loved ones and our good wishes for a recovery to others.
Mr President, with only two minutes to talk about five reports and an oral question, I will restrict myself to two reports: the report by Mrs Sanchez-Schmid on creative industries, and the report by my colleague, Mrs Schaake, on the cultural dimensions of the EU's external actions. I am doing this because, together, they give us the micro vision and the macro vision of what Europe needs in order to be able to turn this crisis around, with the help of the talent and imagination of Europeans.
Mr President, with regard to Camp Ashraf, we can do nothing less than join in the condemnation of the human rights violations that have taken place there.
Mr President, yes, it is a very simple oral amendment replacing the word 'harmonisation' with 'cooperation' since this is more appropriate and more precise as we are talking about vocational training.
Mr President, yesterday indeed was Europe Day and in the courtyard here we had armed soldiers, we had the Luftwaffe band and imperial eagles, we had the flag being paraded, being raised, the European anthem; it was the display of militarism and EU nationalism.
Mr President, you will not find many members in this room who disagree with the need to drag down debt and deficits to reasonable levels in the years ahead.
Mr President: So the EU seeks to raise EU revenue by taxation on trucks? Well, I ask UK voters what they think of the EU and the usual answer is 'I do not think we should join'.
Mr Remek's report suggests completing the Galileo system will require additional funding of up to EUR 1.9 billion in the next Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF). In this current difficult financial climate, I have to oppose this increase in spending, especially considering that the programme is already 60% over budget. I believe that Galileo must stay within its current budget.
Mr Rivellini prepared the discharge report in respect of the implementation of the budget of the European Council, the European Economic and Social Committee, the Committee of the Regions, the European Court of Justice, the European Court of Auditors, the Ombudsman, and the European Data Protection Supervisor and their offices.
Mr Salafranca talked about what has been happening in Cuba over the weekend with Mr Soto and we are looking carefully at that.
Mr Sarkozy and Mr Berlusconi are putting short-term electoral interests first, by fearmongering and making people believe there is an invasion going on. What nonsense! When will Europe stop saying one thing and doing another? What suggestions are people putting forward today, apart from just words, giving in to populist pressure, reinforcing Frontex yet again and turning Europe into a fortress? Borders have never stopped anyone, either during the darker days of our history or today.
Mr Saryusz-Wolski, my friend, let me tell you very frankly that I understand the concerns that you have with the Eastern Neighbourhood, but I think that the most important issue is not to place East and South in competition with one another: we need both.
Mr Schulz has referred to these flagrant dysfunctions in his speech.
Mr Schulz, did anyone stop you? No. Mr Verhofstadt, did anyone stop you? No. They did not stop me either.
Mr Schulz, only today, the Commission adopted country-specific recommendations for each of the 27 countries, and there is also an introductory note in which we express in very clear terms this concern that you have just mentioned, which is very important for us. We are well aware that austerity, which is necessary at present because of the need to reduce deficits and debt, is truly very difficult.
Mr Seeber quoted the example of Fukushima.
Mr Stavrakakis's report calls for the rural development actions under the EAFRD and the sustainable development actions for fisheries areas under the EFF to be integrated into a single framework with the other structural funds, and for coordination also to be enhanced between cohesion policy instruments as such and activities carried out under the Seventh Framework Programme and the Competitiveness and Innovation Framework Programme.
Mr Tudor has submitted a request for the exercise of immunity and privileges.
Mr Turmes, you seem to believe that you can run the parliamentary proceedings with your heckling.
Mr Verhofstadt, the Commission acts as a collegiate body. I think you find it easier to agree with what Olli Rehn says than with what I say, but in fact, we are saying exactly the same thing.
Mr Weber, we all regret recent events that have caused the loss of many lives. I agree with you on the need to take more decisive action in this field.
Mr Wessberg, from Sweden, has submitted his curriculum vitae, completed a written questionnaire and has been interviewed by the Committee on Budgetary Control.
Mr Yanukovych, your behaviour in these cases is the litmus test of your credibility and your determination to introduce European values into Ukraine.
Mr Zver's report draws attention to numerous barriers that act as disincentives to mobility in Europe, and I would like to highlight some of them.
Mr Zver's report endorses this trend, one that has already been perceived as a welcome one, and which creates new opportunities and prerequisites for young Europeans studying in the different countries of Europe.
Mr de Magistris was summoned to court on charges of slander.
Mr. President, the report on the "European Urban Agenda and its Future in Cohesion Policy" stresses the fact that, further to the significant contribution of cohesion policy interventions to the development of urban areas, a range of other EU policies (such as environment, transport and energy) have a strong impact on urban development.
Mrs Ferreira and Mr Lamberts made the point that the stress tests were inconsistent.I have said what I think about the shortcomings of the previous tests.
Mrs Ford spoke of it as a power struggle.
Mrs Gomes, Romania is part of the European Union and should not be confused with the countries which we discuss in this Chamber every Thursday.
Mrs Goulard referred to the comments made by Mr King and Mr Enria, and I have noted them down. I thank her for having drawn my attention to their comments, which demonstrate, moreover, a proactive and changing approach, which I am very pleased about. I should also like to thank her for having mentioned the very important role - and we know how much we owe you, Mrs Goulard - of the Systemic Risk Board.
Mrs Győri, I am familiar with a principle in criminal law which states: 'Better 10 guilty men go free than to convict a single innocent'. However, from the perspective of disproportionate response, it is normal for police officers to use whatever is put in their hands and they will take every opportunity they are afforded.
Mrs Győri, after Bulgaria and Romania met all the technical criteria for membership, which was assessed by the Council's experts, please tell us what the Council's position is on the timeframe for admitting Bulgaria and Romania, and whether such a discussion is going on in the Council.
Mrs Harms and Mr Turmes, it is simply not acceptable to spend your time permanently complaining and heckling and then, when you are called on to do something, to vote against better safety levels for nuclear power plants.
Mrs Hirsch's report embraces the Commission measures aimed at breaking down barriers, increasing transparency, and making for ease of comparison for the purposes of recognition within and between education systems, emphasising that it is important to ensure that education is geared more closely to the needs of the labour market, helping to boost creativity and innovation.
Mrs Honeyball emphasises research and the exchange of best practices, the wise use of Structural Funds and programmes such as Comenius, and, finally, the need for the States to reclaim their crucial role in the earliest years of children's education, to ensure that objectives for smart, inclusive and sustainable growth are met.
Mrs Jensen, it is our stated goal in the next programme period to thematically tie in structural policy - insofar as it is affected, in any case - with the Europe 2020 strategy.
Mrs Klaß, we are not making excessive demands; rather, the modules are to be expanded gradually.
Mrs Manner also said that we have phasing-out and phasing-in, we can implement an integrated policy in respect of the Europe 2020 strategy.
Mrs Rapti, this approach has brought about exactly the situation that we now find ourselves in and the problem of the agencies working inefficiently, which we urgently need to resolve.
Mrs Reding, the Commissioner responsible for justice, fundamental rights and citizenship, is currently collecting data in order to establish the scope of the problem. I want to emphasise the fact that practices of this kind are already banned under the terms of Directive 2006/114/EC concerning misleading and comparative advertising and of anti-fraud legislation in the various Member States.
Mrs Swinburne, it is all well and good talking about voices singing in harmony, but you know very well that it does not work like that.
Mrs Vassiliou, the chords played by that violin in Sarajevo, the one Mrs Pack told us about, resonate more with our Europe than with a multitude of regulations.
Mrs Verheyen, during your speech, the interpreters indicated to me that they could not keep up with you. I did not interrupt you as it seemed to me difficult to do so and I apologise to the interpreters for this. I want to inform the Members that the system is changing so that instead of lighting the warning signal to the President, it will be lit for each of you when you are speaking.
Mrs Wallis has failed to provide compelling evidence of the need for an optional instrument.
Mrs Wortmann-Kool's report also rightly expresses doubts as to whether full harmonisation could produce different effects to those expected.
Ms Gräßle, you want the floor for one minute? If you want to speak to make a point of substance, go ahead.
Ms Koppa also asked whether the Commission will propose a revision of the principle of exclusive responsibility of the state of first illegal entry. I would like to underline that this is a principle according to which a person found irregularly on the territory of a Member State is returned to the state of first entry into the EU. It is a specific rule under the Dublin Regulation, which establishes that the Member States have to assess which Member State is responsible for examining an asylum application lodged on their territory.
Ms Lunacek, in your country - I know you are from Austria - is there a Green Ombudsman? In Hungary, there was a Green Ombudsman several years ago and there will be one, according to the new constitution.
Much has been done, without the EU authorities paying much attention.
Much is expected of the next Multiannual Financial Framework in terms of achieving the aims of the Europe 2020 strategy, encouraging research and innovation, combating the challenges facing the environment, achieving the aims of the European Social, Cohesion and Regional Funds, and fostering education, mobility, training and lifelong learning.
Much of what needs to happen in rural areas should also be covered by the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development, the purpose of which is not just to support farmers, but also to support rural areas.
Multilateral action is the only way that States can get to grips with the challenges facing our world.
Mutual acceptance of certification findings constitutes a massive benefit for the EU, given that it will establish mutual acceptance of certification findings in all areas of airworthiness for all Member States.
Mutual accountability is at its core: the EU and the neighbourhood are responsible to each other for delivering on the commitments that we make to the countries and to the people of our neighbourhood and to the people of Europe.
Mutual trust between the Member States party to the Schengen area is indeed the cornerstone of Schengen cooperation.
Mutual understanding and respect for one another are fundamental conditions for traditional national communities, minorities and majorities living together harmoniously and prosperously.
My aim is to give supervisory bodies and the future resolution committee for these cross-border institutions a toolbox in order to take preventative measures and to prevent risks that are diagnosed fairly early on from turning into crises, and to prevent the crises themselves from turning into catastrophes.
My aim was to stress the significance of exerting constant and consistent political pressure on Russia to put into effect all of the provisions of the 2008 agreement, including, in particular, allowing the European Union Monitoring Mission (EUMM) to enter the occupied territories. I hope that Mrs Ashton, the High Representative, will take our recommendations into account.
My ambition, Mr Giegold, is to reflect rationally on what we have learnt from this round of tests, which will end in June, and to learn as much as we can from our dialogue with the EBA, in order to improve the following round.
My appeal to the Greek leaders is to explain in honest terms to the population of Greece the difficult choices that the country has to make.
My central concerns are consumer protection, food safety in the use of these novel products, and correct information. I therefore believe there must be total traceability for consumers, especially for natural products, for which we already find it difficult to guarantee traceability.
My colleague Mr Almunia and his entire team are working upstream with the Member States on this very question.
My colleague Mr Casini's report confronts and makes a positive contribution towards resolving the problems associated with interpreting and applying Rule 51 of the European Parliament's Rules of Procedure. I fully share Mr Casini's view that it did not suffice to refer to a sole interpretation and to the guidelines intended to facilitate implementation.
My colleague Mr Eickhout has highlighted the numerous benefits to the EU of having more ambitious targets, and moves within this parliament to reduce our ambitions will be rejected by Europe's citizens.
My comment relates not only to the report itself, but also to the proceedings in the SURE Committee - in which I participated, so I know what I am talking about - to the skilful management by Jutta Haug and the role of Salvador Garriga Polledo.
My constituents constantly come to me and say, 'When are we going to get a say on our membership of the European Union?' The will of the people across Europe has been ignored, a single currency has been created, against the will of the people of Europe, and look what problems have been created.
My country, along with others, has experience of this.
My decision is based on all of the information presented for this choice, including his responses to the questionnaire for candidates for membership of the Court of Auditors, annexed to this report, as they indicate compliance with the criteria laid down in Article 286(1) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU) and the need for members of the Court of Auditors to be fully independent. I therefore welcome the nomination of Mr Wessberg.
My departments have been in contact with the social partners and a number of NGOs that have approached the Commission, and have had exchanges with the rapporteur for the opinion of the European Economic and Social Committee on the professionalisation of domestic work.
My feeling is that we have learned why things went wrong and how we got ourselves into the difficult situation we are in today, but my feeling is also that now we are less open to drawing lessons from the evolving reality.
My fellow conservative and liberal Members, some of you want to punish automatically States that are heretics to your dogma to the tune of billions of euros.
My final observation is that we will vote for the financial transaction tax but we believe it will only see the light of day if Europe has the courage to implement it independently of others.
My final point, Madam President, is this: I had proposed - the proposal was not taken up, but this is a subject that we shall have to address on a political level - that we adopt a European research plan for the defence industry.
My final recommendation concerns our relations with China; we hear from all quarters that China plays an important role in Sudan, making it sound like some kind of ghostly presence that we have to fear.
My first question is this: can a single currency be sustained without a strong European budget? The answer, in my opinion, is no it cannot.
My fourth comment is to do with budget aid (and it would be more fitting in a broader debate). Mr Charles Goerens is here with us; he is the rapporteur of the Committee on Development Cooperation for the Green Paper on Budget Aid.
My goal was, is and will be to ensure that binding rules are adopted on textile product origins, since consumers and businesses must absolutely be protected. I believe that the compromise reached today is a very good result.
My group considers the introduction of new criteria for membership at this point to be wrong because this would mean applying double standards for these countries.
My group has been monitoring this issue and, in particular, that of Darfur, over the course of several parliamentary sessions, and successfully sponsored the candidacy of the Sudanese lawyer, Salih Mahmoud Osman, for the 2007 Sakharov Prize.
My group is strongly committed to building on the high level of agreement that we have reached. I hope that we will be able to bridge the last differences over the next few weeks so that we can finalise an agreement before the summer.
My group seeks to adapt this funding to the new realities of Europe, both in its objectives and its terms of reference.
My group, ladies and gentlemen, is calling for a shake-up. It is calling for all of our countries to wake up to the fact that changes are both necessary and beneficial.
My home city of Gdańsk is in a small group leading the Polish contest, which will be decided this month. I am a keen supporter of this candidacy whose motto is 'Cultural freedom - culture of freedom'. Gdańsk is, historically, a Hanseatic port and the birthplace of the Solidarity movement, which is synonymous with freedom.
My hope, therefore, is that other European countries will adopt the same position as the Italian Government, which has already confirmed that it will not be applying this measure.
My immediate reaction is to say: 'All right, then, let us genuinely face up to our responsibilities.' Not with a huge fanfare, not so as to be able to say that we reached an agreement rapidly, but with an eye on the financial problems in the euro area and the European Union and in an attempt to come up with some proper solutions.
My job as rapporteur on the resettlement of refugees cannot be to report, like last month, that have 150 people died off the coat of Lampedusa and now to learn of 600 who have disappeared and more than 60 who died in view of ships from the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) ships and European navies.
My last point is that I visited Mannheim last year.
My long spell as a parliamentarian both in the French National Assembly and in the European Parliament (27 years) enables me to say that the attitude of the latter in lifting Mr Gollnisch's parliamentary immunity was particularly abhorrent.
My message to the Greek people is that if the government acts, Europe will deliver.
My message to the Members from the Baltic States and from Poland is as follows: we can only apply our strictest technical specifications to the nuclear power station which is being planned and which will be built in Kaliningrad if we allow the electricity from this power station to be sold on the European market.
My next point is that we have just seen that investment in research and development largely ends up in the twelve 'old' Member States, so further distribution is required. A re-balancing is needed.
My oral amendment, and my Group, aims to speak for and protect fairly and equally all overseas territories and countries, and not to speak specifically about Saint Pierre and Miquelon.
My original amendment to paragraph 87 aimed to confirm, rather than merely recognise, NATO's role as the bedrock for collective defence - a role which is not just 'still continuing' but should be seen as the only option for the foreseeable future.
My party has long campaigned against Scotland being used as a nuclear dumping ground for other countries and one of the first acts of the SNP Scottish Government was to withdraw Scotland from the UK position of deep geological disposal.
My personal view is that it is important, in this context, for us to convey a clear message to the European Union's other trade partners.
My personal view, as one who worked in a small business for 25 years, is that actually, while it would be nice to reduce this burden of administration, the best we can do for small businesses is to improve access to information and to finance.
My position, as a representative of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) is that this is a good thing.
My proposals also concern the matter of whether it is normal for a member of Commission staff - not including their annual holiday entitlement, note - to have up to seven weeks paid time off, and this for all those earning more than EUR 10 000 net per month.
My question for the Commissioner is about the possibility of having a peacekeeping force present in the area, given the statement made by the UN yesterday, acknowledging the failure of its forces, which have been passive in response to the recent tensions.
My question is specific, and it is as follows: what are you doing to prevent the ECB, with its two hats, from standing in the way of the difficult but necessary steps to restructure the Greek economy?
My question is: what is Europe doing to utilise primarily its human resource potential? How does Europe intend to keep its human resources, which are so essential to innovation in Europe's schools, universities and research centres? Before focusing on attracting experts from outside the European Union, I feel that our priority is to halt the exodus of researchers from Europe to other important centres across the world.
My question to the Council is as follows: is Europe of the 2020s the same as Europe of the 1960s? Are the state of public finances of our Member States, our growth prospects and the position of Europe in the world comparable? I think not.
My question to you is this: with regard to the Cuban dissident, Juan Wilfredo Soto García, who was arrested, beaten and finally killed, are you willing to call for an investigation to shed light on these tragic events? If this investigation shows that there is a cause-and-effect relationship between the beating received and his death, are you willing to condemn them?
My question to you is very straightforward: six months later, has my country filed a request for the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund to be activated, in order to support workers affected by the financial crisis? If it has, if you have that information, please tell me if it has been approved.
My question to you, Mr Barroso, is can you confirm that this is also the position of the Commission? Secondly, as time is pressing, will you propose these changes to the rescue mechanism at the next European Council meeting in two weeks' time?
My report deals with numerous deficiencies and puts forward proposals in the hope that the Commission will perhaps be able to include some of them in its legislative proposal that it will be tabling in the autumn.
My report puts forward proposals for how, with regard to the European Commission and the impact assessments that it carries out, as well as with regard to Parliament's impact assessment studies, we can succeed in bringing about this improvement.
My second brief comment is in response to Mr Bütikofer, who claims that we have not done enough to reflect energy priorities in the next budget.
My second example relates to Eurobonds.
My second point is that I assume that the provision stating that the countries can exclude small commercial vehicles weighing between 3.5 and 12 tonnes from the Infrastructure Costs Directive will be respected by the Member States.
My second point is that if one reads the Treaty of Lisbon, a document on which you all worked, then it is evident that the decision on the energy mix was and remains a matter for the Member States, in other words the countries where you live.
My second point is that right from the beginning, we have been fully committed and we are still committed to genuine technical inspections of existing plants which focus on the well-known safety problems.
My second point is that the report says that the working languages of the EU are French, English and German.
My second point is that, as a Member of the European Parliament, it hit me hard to read the sharp rebuke from an authority on the situation in Sudan who is an international observer in the so repeatedly troubled conflict region of Abyei that the diplomatic pressure from Europe on the murderous and war-hungry regime of President al-Bashir was 'zero and badly coordinated'. This is a crushing rebuke, in fact.
My second point relates to the lack of available information because of the Soviet system that existed at the time.
My solution to this problem is therefore as follows: place the focus on direct aid for the reconstruction following the floods and take immediate action instead of losing in the negotiations in Geneva.
My suggestion to you would be that, now that the European External Action Service is putting in place its rules on access to information and access to documents, please make this a modern organisation which is accessible to citizens and which does not deal with foreign policy as if it were only the domain of some secretive diplomats. I am sure this would be the best way to boost our common efforts for a truly common foreign and security policy.
My support for Mrs Schaake's report is dictated precisely by the boost that we need to give to reinforcing this shared awareness.
My support for this report recognises the excellent work carried out by Mr Mikolášik and hopes that cohesion policy, even in the next programming period, continues on its path of aggregation and development of territories and the European economy.
My thanks today go to my fellow Members for their involvement and support, and to the committee chair Mr De Castro, the coordinators and the shadow rapporteurs for their excellent cooperation and willingness to compromise. I would like to thank the staff of the committee secretariat, the political groups and in my own private office for their splendid cooperation.
My third argument, Commissioner, is that this is not an approach based on solidarity, because the burden in Europe is borne in a one-sided manner by certain sectors and certain countries only.
My third comment concerns the IMF's attitude during the crisis, when compared to that of the European Union.
My third message is a product of the first two: Europe can only help Greece, or any other country in difficulty, if it does everything it possibly can to consolidate its economic and financial situation in the long term.
My third point is that we in the European Union have been on the threshold of nuclear meltdown several times since Chernobyl and long before Fukushima.
My understanding of high grade foodstuffs is that they are healthy and that they are placed on the market subject to monitoring. I am presuming that glaring errors have been made in this regard, and once again, we are finding out that there are loopholes.
My vote in favour is based on the wisdom of this report, which not only embraces the innovations of the Treaty of Lisbon in matters of foreign policy and security, but also calls for greater coordination between the recently created European External Action Service, the Member States and the Commission.
My vote in favour of this report confirms my belief in this objective but also my awareness of the need to simplify provisions at national and regional level in order to implement projects by the agreed deadlines, prevent bureaucratic delays and reduce administrative burdens, thereby increasing their absorption capacity.
My vote in favour of this resolution on the misleading practices of business directory companies represents a new phase in the long campaign conducted by the Lega Nord in defence of our entrepreneurs.
My words of support - and I was relieved to read in the Sunday papers that you denied you would be quitting your post - are these: as someone who is very critical of a common EU policy and of the EU taking sovereignty from my country, I wish you to stay in post for as long as possible because, while you are there, I do not think we are going to have much problem with loss of sovereignty.
NATO has been, and is going to be, the foundation of collective defence, so that has to be stated in strong, affirmative language.
Name one body of local, provincial, regional or national democratic representation that does not exercise political accountability for spending.
National accounts must therefore include an integrated economic and environmental accounts statement with fully coherent data.
National cofinancing continues to be an obstacle to accessing funds, particularly for countries with weaker economies, which continue to see many millions of euro returned to the countries that benefit most from the main EU policies, specifically the Economic and Monetary Union and the internal market.
National governments and parliaments take responsibility when everything goes right, but when it is wrong they blame Brussels. I think these impact assessments should show just who is responsible and where the blame lies, because it is far too convenient to do that.
National governments are responsible for detention issues and prison management, but the Commission's role is to make sure that judicial cooperation works and fundamental rights of all citizens are upheld.
National management declarations should help us a great deal to see how EU money is used by national authorities and who is responsible for the use of this money.
Naturally, I firmly believe in the richness and diversity of European culture, but I am talking today from a perspective of competitiveness to condemn a piece of nonsense and an absurdity.
Naturally, the European Union has competences that enable it to establish the compatibility of national law with European law.
Naturally, this involves an important part of financial market regulation. I also believe that we need to do away with the British rebate and ensure that unused EU resources are returned to the EU budget.
Naturally, we will support any initiatives that help speed up procedures when these are aimed at helping workers who have been made redundant due to globalisation or to the economic crisis.
Nearly all EU Member State governments have adopted tough austerity programmes with a view to cutting both public spending and public investment programmes.
Negative effects of the trade preferences cannot therefore be ruled out, which is why I rejected the report.
Negative ratings in the face of financial difficulties send a country into a kind of debt spiral, because a falling rating increases the cost of borrowing even more and makes the country's financial situation even worse.
Negotiating directives for visa facilitation and readmission agreements were adopted by the Council on 28 February, and we are encouraging Member States to make optimal use of the existing flexibilities offered by the Visa Code, in particular, the possibility of waiving and reducing visa fees for certain categories of citizens.
Negotiations should implement bilateral movement.
Neither do we agree that initiatives for a switch to a more environmentally sound and sustainable agriculture should only be taken without compromising the competitiveness of EU farmers.
Neither is it a country which enjoys an independent judiciary.
Neither the United States nor NATO was able to end the 2008 conflict between Georgia and Russia, for example, and nor can the United States or NATO observe the current ceasefire there.
Never before have the people of Europe had such high expectations of the EU, while, at the same time, criticising it harshly.
Nevertheless, I am concerned that an integrated management system - allowing costs to be allocated to specific work packages and funding sources for operational costs to be identified - was not in place by December 2009.
Nevertheless, I am pleased to have been given the opportunity to stand in for him, or to try to do so anyway, since the issue you are discussing is one that has always interested me, ladies and gentlemen. I was Environment Minister in my own country and I have not forgotten the efforts that we made, during my first mandate as Commissioner around 10 years ago, to begin to address this extremely serious issue with Parliament.
Nevertheless, I firmly believe that this idea of mine will come to fruition and will be adopted in the near future. I think that this is extremely important for the support and development of the cultural and creative industries because, as they are not quite commercial activities, they need soft financing, which banks cannot provide nowadays in the normal way for other industries.
Nevertheless, I have made some amendments on a couple of issues which I feel could be constructive and useful contributions to the final text.
Nevertheless, I regret the fact that the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) managed to pass, in particular due to the abstention of a number of socialist MEPs, an amendment which refuses to put immigrant workers, especially undocumented immigrants, on an equal footing with other workers.
Nevertheless, I think we must act to clear the way for the new technology, for its exploitation and utilisation of spectrum, and I hope that this proposal and this report will do just that.
Nevertheless, I understand the concerns and misgivings which some people have expressed. I am prepared, and I will even take a proactive approach here, for us to consider towards the end of the next period the opportunities already available for a preliminary evaluation, in order to establish the extent to which the objectives were achieved in the individual regions, to assess whether the failure to meet targets was due to internal or external factors and to identify the conclusions we can draw for the allocation of funding during the period after next.
Nevertheless, I urge the Executive Director of the Agency to fully fulfil his obligation to include, in his report to the discharge authority summarising the Internal Audit Service (IAS) Report, all recommendations made (including the ones which could be possibly refused by the Agency) and all action taken on these recommendations; I call therefore on the Executive Director of the Agency to provide information on the content of the IAS's four 'very important' recommendations and the action taken by the Agency.
Nevertheless, I would congratulate the Court of Auditors on the report it has drawn up relating to the EESC and the developments it achieved during the financial year 2009, and I agree with the rapporteur's conclusions.
Nevertheless, I would like to thank the ILO working groups for their excellent work.
Nevertheless, alongside the universities, the area of vocational education and training is particularly important and we therefore must not ignore it. For that reason, I would like at this point to thank my fellow Members from the other groups once again for their very committed cooperation.
Nevertheless, early childhood education and care takes on different forms in the various countries of the European Union, depending on the country's interpretation of childhood.
Nevertheless, growing interest in the system has been observed in many Member States.
Nevertheless, in making changes to frequency spectrum policy, we must also bear in mind international agreements on the freeing up of different frequencies at an international level.
Nevertheless, in the evaluation of individual institutions, especially the European agencies, deficiencies constantly arise, for example in the recruitment process, in public procurement, in problems with transparency or problems with internal control.
Nevertheless, it allows for different rules where international agreements provide for special security arrangements.
Nevertheless, it is important to be at pains to guarantee better cooperation, linkup and coordination with the competent institutions in the Member States, by promoting synergies and better circulation of information.
Nevertheless, it is important to recognise that it has made progress but must go further.
Nevertheless, it is positive that it stresses that the administrative burden is relatively higher the smaller the company is, and therefore calls for differentiation between micro, small and medium-sized enterprises; and that it underlines that microbusinesses - with fewer than 10 employees - constitute 91.8% of all EU businesses and therefore deserve more attention and the corresponding tailored approach.
Nevertheless, it is true, as a previous speaker has just said, that other regions of the world are obviously able to mobilise talent and ideas more effectively than we can.
Nevertheless, many significant bilateral issues remain unresolved.
Nevertheless, referring to your proposals, there is a proposal to the Commission to increase the de minimis ceiling.
Nevertheless, so that they are not in a position to be overtaken by international partners, there is a need to commit, quickly and firmly, to new technologies - in particular, information technology - and to development and innovation factors.
Nevertheless, the Commission considers that the current ILO initiative is a good opportunity to reflect on the situation of domestic servants in Europe.
Nevertheless, the Commission has asked the Member States to inform us about the implementation and the measures they have taken and to submit a status report as soon as possible, before the planned communication is issued.
Nevertheless, the democrats of Hungary do not expect the remedy to come from abroad.
Nevertheless, the negotiations promise to be difficult, since the Commission's guiding principle is to satisfy, by presenting a squeezed budget, the austerity requirements imposed by the Member States, while ignoring citizens' needs.
Nevertheless, the solutions tabled in the report are along the lines of deepening these same market mechanisms that are responsible for the current crisis of volatile prices and unequal distribution of profits throughout the production chain.
Nevertheless, the stumbling block is the implementation of these instruments and their enforcement in partner countries.
Nevertheless, there is an explanation behind this choice that was made this year. I would repeat that the stress tests simulate extreme scenarios, but ones which must nevertheless be considered plausible.
Nevertheless, there is no doubt that much remains to be done in this respect, and that the European Union and the Russian Federation not only share a historical, cultural and religious heritage, but that they also have common interests and challenges which warrant a closer relationship on many levels.
Nevertheless, there need to be incentives for this type of activity, such as the recognition of the rights to exploit these products economically, whilst fully protecting the position of the creators.
Nevertheless, they do offer a great opportunity for tackling global issues like climate change and also, of course, a great opportunity to develop both our economies.
Nevertheless, this report emphasises that the region includes one of the Union's most vulnerable external borders in terms of illegal immigration.
Nevertheless, trade is European, so the laws have to be European, and this is the path we need to continue along.
Nevertheless, we attach a great deal of importance to protecting human rights as part of the process of combating terrorism.
Nevertheless, we believe the report could and should have gone further, on each of these points, especially in advocating consistency between the goals stated in the area of development cooperation policy and the EU's various sectoral policies.
Nevertheless, we can see that a number of groups are employing considerable resources and are doing all they can to influence decision making as much as possible.
Nevertheless, we must make every effort to ensure that these policies promote the values and interests of the EU at international level, with the general aim of contributing to peace, to security, to solidarity, to conflict prevention, to the promotion of democracy, to the protection of human rights, to gender equality, to respect for international law, to support for international institutions, to effective multilateralism and mutual respect between nations, to sustainable development, to free and fair trade, and to the eradication of poverty.
Nevertheless, we regret that what has been proposed by the Commission and endorsed by the Parliament is not a solution merely for the eurozone, but one that includes those whose currency is not the euro.
New fibres and innovative products could be brought to market without delay because of the changes proposed in the report, and consumers will have better choice as a result. I particularly welcome what the report says about doing two studies: on the possibility of a link between allergies and the chemicals used in textiles, and on the feasibility of implementing a scheme of labelling by place of origin to ensure full traceability of textile products. I am in agreement with the rapporteur in that a balance should be struck between implementing a high level of protection for consumers and the need to simplify the regulatory framework for textile products.
New indicators were subsequently proposed for measuring progress in the achievement of social, economic and environmental objectives.
New pan-European investments are needed to boost European-level added value by acting as a catalyst for further private investment and by creating economies of scale.
New permanent structures for the EU's external representation have been established under the Treaty of Lisbon, but this new dimension does not yet allow the Union to participate as a single entity in its own right in the work of many international bodies.
New priority modules, on which work is currently in progress and for which relevant data is likely to be available soon, should be identified in a working plan, and this data should also be submitted, especially data on the environmental impact of economic activities.
New rights are considered in this new proposal, like the existence of a 14-day withdrawal period for the entire EU, to be counted from receipt of the products.
New rules on textile labelling are proposed which will help customers avoid the risk of buying textile products which contain natural fur or leather. I voted 'in favour'.
New support measures need to be adopted in the fisheries sector, bearing in mind the combination of two factors: on the one hand, the high price of oil and, on the other, the low price of fish at first sale.
New technologies mean new working methods.
Next door to Europe lie Russia and Belarus, which do not currently have the same high safety standards that we have in the European Union.
Next we turn to the research projects under the aegis of the Euratom framework programme relating to the consequences of the accident and how these are to be overcome.
Next week, the European Commission will present its proposal on the financial prospects for the post-2014 period, in which, if my information proves correct, the Community executive is decidedly intent on proposing cuts to the EU agricultural budget.
Next, will you condemn forthrightly and totally the passage of the Bahati bill in Uganda, which allows the execution of homosexuals?
Nineteen weeks later, the Irish banks collapsed and taxpayers across Europe were forced into a bail-out, and just last week we learnt that EUR 12 billion of the proposed Portuguese bail-out is for their banks.
No European citizen voted for this man. I have but one word for a government that rules without democracy, and that word is 'dictatorship'. A bureaucratic dictatorship that wants to subjugate the Greeks and that also wants to call the shots in the Netherlands.
No alternative solution has been presented, however.
No changes have been made to their substance on which Parliament, in particular, would be required to express an opinion.
No less than two resolutions of this House have called for the contrary decision. I should therefore like to put on record, in addition to my own disappointment, my wish that Parliament's Bureau write to the Brazilian authorities declaring the disappointment of the entire European Parliament and, above all, expressing our solidarity and our grief to the families of the victims, who have been waiting for justice for thirty years.
No match can be won by playing alone, however.
No matter what eventual format we find, I think this question of management will be very important in influencing the final arrangements. I am not speaking about names, but about the need for a separate fund and the need to pay attention to speed in particular.
No one has sought to prejudge what the Hungarian constitution will be or how it will be applied in practice and it will, of course, be subject to the checks and balances provided by the constitutional system, the constitutional balance of the Hungarian constitution itself and the fact that Hungary is subject to supranational bodies such as the Council of Europe and the European Union, which know about fundamental rights.
No one is interested nowadays in a two-track Europe.
No one is seeking to prejudge the outcome of the implementation of the Hungarian constitution but I do think that this Parliament is concerned that the Hungarian constitution must also adhere to the rule of accreditation of political pluralism and the alternation of different political projects under the same set of rules of play.
No one knows which market or which agency directs the reactions of the other; whether one country's poor rating triggers panic over sovereign debt, or whether cynical speculation leads to a poor rating; whether a good rating has an impact on certain assets being held onto or whether, because they are good and one wants to hold onto them, the assets are rated favourably.
No policy is viable if it is not backed or, at the very least, tolerated by society, especially a policy which can basically be summarised as a dilemma between exhausting austerity or bankruptcy.
No, Commissioner: what has been confirmed is that the suspicions were unfounded, irresponsible and without objective data; what has been confirmed is that there are 23 dead and that the Spanish horticultural sector has suffered enormous damage.
No, I do not accept that. I think the European Central Bank is a very credible institution that has been managed with great wisdom and intelligence.
No, Mr El Khadraoui, at the beginning, some initial accounts appeared, from which it was clear that, through the problems of the tax burden, there was an increase, and then they simply disappeared. I have always asked why those studies disappeared, but the truth is that it was worrying, so they have told us time and time again.
No, our governments made mistakes and had the wrong policies, but that does not mean there is not now an opportunity, in the context of the Union, to get back on track and head in the right direction again.
No, this is a proposal that the European Commission has made with respect to the massive flooding in Pakistan, time-bound for two years, with the possibility of its being continued for another year.
Nobody is denying the importance of milk quotas, investment in industry and protecting the environment; but it is culture that will allow us to build Europe, and we will have to do this not with words, but with programmes and actions that we are able and willing to put into practice.
Nobody should want to ignore the two countries which have put enormous work, energy and money into preparing properly and meeting the rigorous requirements that accession to the Schengen zone involves, and destroy it by saying that the atmosphere is not right at the moment.
Nobody wants the system that we have established together, with many years of work, to fall into pieces.
Non-member countries must adhere to basic principles such as these if the EU is to work and trade with them.
Non-recyclable nuclear waste must not be exported to third countries.
Non-violence, the continuation of state-building and abiding by existing commitments will be crucial, and we must judge this effort by its results. I do believe that Israel should hand over the tax revenues owed to the Palestinians, but I want to be clear that our position on Hamas has not changed and Israel's security remains a key concern for all of us.
None of us in this House know where it will end and what that end will bring.
Nonetheless, I wish to point out that our vote in favour of the report as a whole does not mean that we support the agreement reached by the majority of the Council on enhanced cooperation, as it excludes the Spanish language from the European patent.
Nonetheless, I would highlight the increasing importance, in my opinion, of providing consumers with factual and complete information, especially on the lots, dates of manufacture and other information enabling them to trace the movement of a product from its source.
Nonetheless, I would like to conclude by calling on all my fellow Members to accept the compromise achieved and not to jeopardise the results of these long and laboured negotiations, as all that would achieve would be to help the wrong people.
Nonetheless, from this report, I feel that some of the provisions in this regulation will make a difference, will improve the application process for business and enhance consumer protection, especially on the labelling of animal-derived products.
Nonetheless, in the face of current crises, whether financial, economic, social or climatic, we do not need less but rather more Europe.
Nonetheless, it should be stated that there are indications that the money is not being used efficiently enough.
Nonetheless, much more can be done to help European SMEs, specifically: the swift implementation by the Member States of the Late Payments Directive; better Commission mechanisms for encouraging the Member States to apply the principles of the SBA; adoption by the Member States, without delay, of the last remaining proposal on the European Private Company Statute; the regular application by the Commission and the Member States of the SME test as part of impact assessments; the urgently needed reduction of the bureaucratic and administrative burden on SMEs; and putting 'Erasmus for young entrepreneurs' on a permanent footing, with a sufficient budget.
Nonetheless, the Commission continues to negotiate free trade agreements that generally only serve the interests of big companies and financial institutions, do not give proper attention to labour rights, and fail to promote freedom of association and the right to collective bargaining.
Nonetheless, the European Arrest Warrant must be amended today, as its application is obviously incompatible with the standards we have called for, particularly in terms of the checking of proportionality in individual cases.
Nonetheless, the overall responsibility for this process lies with the Commission. I would therefore like to address you quite directly, Commissioner Šemeta.
Nonetheless, there are still no clear signs of a post-Lisbon approach which is holistic enough, allowing traditional procedural and institutional obstacles to be overcome, as well as allowing for the security and defence of the public and the European states. I hope that the current economic austerity will encourage states to spend their resources more intelligently and that they will be capable of cooperating more effectively.
Nonetheless, they continue to have free rein, and their actions are extremely damaging, especially for countries with weaker economies.
Nonetheless, this mobility should take place with financial resources that measure up to ambitions and with the removal of the practical obstacles to this mobility.
Nonetheless, this report reminds us, and rightly so, that each country has a different conception of childcare and different models thereof, which we should respect.
Nonetheless, we believed that, on balance, the arrest warrant was the right move.
Nor do I accept that one in five of our young children cannot read properly.
Nor do I want the question of food, which remains the primary and essential purpose of the common agricultural policy, to be pitted against environmental concerns - and the Commission communication does not pit them against each other, in fact.
Nor must it be the case that certain larger Member States think that they can agree in advance on certain matters, so making it a 'done deal'. The Council must take genuine decisions and the legislation must be decided on in consultation with the European Parliament.
Nor should we lose sight of the fact that these directory company practices clearly are outside the law according to the directive on misleading and comparative advertising.
Nor should we set conditions for Romania and Bulgaria that we do not ask of the other Member States in order to form part of this area of freedom.
Nor would it appear that the Commission has coordinated this crisis very well. I wonder when the first case occurred, and whether Article 3 of the regulation relating to the rapid alert system - which requires Member States to notify the risk immediately and within 48 hours - was met, and also whether Article 8 of said regulation - which obliges the Commission to check whether the information is complete, true and legible and has sufficient legal basis - was met.
Nor, indeed, has any attempt whatsoever been made to ask the question of whether Europe would not be wiser to confine itself to a number of carefully defined core tasks.
North Sudan, on the other hand, will suffer some losses.
Not all MEPs are back in the Chamber after the fire drill.
Not all of the safeguards we called for were inserted, and the draft directive on defendants' rights sat for many years in the Council's in-tray.
Not all the grand ambitions for the Consumer Rights Directive have been achieved, but I believe an important step has been taken that does not compromise the market's normal workings.
Not always reported, may I say, not always put forward in the press across the European Union, but we are the first to actually put out our statements and we produce hundreds of them to make the point consistently of the importance of what we do; and consistency is a critical factor in what is being discussed today.
Not because it would undermine the principle of parliamentarians' independence, but rather because it would lead to endless discussions in parliamentary committees on the whys and wherefores of the choice and frequency of the meetings with one lobbyist rather than another.
Not content with endorsing such nonsense, this text makes the fight against any protectionist measure the central piece of its argument.
Not every bid can be financed, and in the world of research, added value is, of course, difficult to measure, but I do not believe that a common European system for evaluating performance is the only way forward.
Not just repealed, but invalid.
Not just to please people, not so that it will make a nice photo, but simply to give the European people instruments, by building on the euro, that will enable them to meet the challenges of the 21st century, in other words to ensure a decent standard of living for everyone, not just for the happy few, and to do it within the planet's physical limitations - and this is what is new, of course.
Not later than today, the Commission adopted the third proposal on procedural rights, the proposal to ensure access to a lawyer and the right to have a third person notified when a person is deprived of his or her liberty.
Not one euro more should be added to ITER. I therefore voted for the amendments against increasing expenditure for ITER.
Not only did he not take this chance but, in using violence against peaceful demonstrators and multiplying the number of political prisoners, he has shown contempt for democracy and the rule of law. I met with the families of those who have been imprisoned and I know that he left us with no other option than to adopt strong sanctions in response, targeting those in the regime responsible for the crack-down, including President Lukashenko himself. I also know that we should step up our support for civil society and for people-to-people contacts.
Not only do we use products that exhaust and damage the environment and then also fail to deal with them properly once we no longer want them, we also dump the hazardous waste, which damages the health of innocent people, often children, and makes the land and water in other countries toxic for generations to come.
Not only does the regional government find itself unable to pay the wages of 76 000 employees, but it still owes roughly EUR 2 billion to its various suppliers.
Not only has he refused to cooperate with the opposition in the adoption of this basic law of his country, but, because of the way the constitution has been conceived, he has very fundamentally undermined the rights of minorities, and destabilised good neighbourly relations between EU Member States. I therefore hope that the Venice Commission's findings will be directed towards the adoption by this Parliament of a resolution demonstrating that the Fidesz government is bad for Hungary.
Not only on a personal note, but also on behalf of the Romanian Social Democrat MEPs, I call for László Tőkés to be dismissed from his position as Vice-President.
Not only should the Member States adopt the proposal already put forward to reinforce Frontex, but it is also important to step up the logistical response: more planes and more ships are indispensable and we cannot currently provide them from our budget at European level.
Not only that, but married couples of the same sex should be able to move freely around Europe and have their partnership legally recognised wherever they are.
Not only through its direct consequences, but also by the moral stand that we show our citizens.
Not so long ago, however, we discussed the Digital Agenda; we all agree on the Digital Agenda; and this issue is a major one for the Digital Agenda.
Note, however, that this is only the first stage: now we must ensure that the Member States ratify this convention once it is adopted.
Nothing of what you have said has invalidated the measured criticisms of what we and others are saying now. I would also say that you are entirely mistaken if you think that better translation rights are any sort of cure at all for this flawed piece of legislation which is ruining people's lives.
Notwithstanding a few gaps and irregularities revealed by the Court of Auditors during its analysis and assessment of the budget of the SESAR Joint Undertaking, I voted in favour of granting discharge for the financial year 2009.
Notwithstanding some weaknesses in recruitment and procurement procedures, I remain steadfast in my belief that there are good prospects for future improvement and that the Foundation is committed to putting them into action.
Notwithstanding the generally positive judgment on the progress made by these two Member States in terms of security, the report itself admits that numerous technical and administrative shortcomings were detected in the bodies tasked with ensuring the border security of both States and, in particular, in the bodies tasked with checking and monitoring sea and land borders.
Notwithstanding the legal vacuum in this area and the possibility for these agencies to affect Member States' economies - even to the extent of plunging them into crises - this report does appear to be the first step towards new rules for rating agencies given the Commission's recent adoption of the new regulation on CRAs.
Now I believe that we have reached a turning point.
Now I recently published the latest addition of my periodic study, 'How Much Does the European Union Cost Britain?', which is available on my website.
Now I would like to invite my colleagues and the Vice-President of the Commission to join me in front of the podium for the signing of the document.
Now for Portugal, the most crucial parts are perhaps structural reforms, and labour market and commodity market reforms.
Now free trade agreements, bilateral agreements, are the norm at this point in time and I think we have much more in common with Canada than any differences.
Now is perhaps the time, he said, for Plan B - something, I hasten to add, that the Committee on International Trade has been looking for for a long time.
Now is the time to set criteria which not only deal with the technical aspects of the Schengen system, but assess the impact of organised crime and corruption, also within the assessment of existing Schengen Member States, and I would like to see Europol and Eurojust involved in those assessments.
Now it is important for us to send a two-fold message tomorrow during the vote with a convincing majority.
Now it is true that politicians should not be running businesses, but they should be involved in creating the fertile soil in which Europe's businesses can grow. I am pleased that we will now have a revision of the Small Business Act.
Now only a very small group of Member States have not joined the consensus.
Now perhaps is the time to do so regarding this particular issue, to some extent at least, and try to find a solution where a change might be made with respect to Sarajevo. I believe that it could produce added value for the European Capital of Culture programme and the European Union as a whole.
Now that Abyei has been incorporated into the North, the South Sudanese should be praised for taking a stance of refusing to be provoked.
Now that many initiatives have been defined, it is the responsibility of Member States and the European Union as a whole to implement them properly, providing SMEs with a greater freedom in their actions, allowing them to participate in public tenders, adopting the single European patent in the future and quickly implementing the directive on late payments.
Now that the Euratom research programme is shortly to be extended to 2012 and 2013, Fukushima ought to be taken as an opportunity for a rethink.
Now that the first initiative, namely, this high-level dialogue, has been unsuccessful, I am very concerned that our primary concern is not the question of how we can perhaps achieve tangible success in this high-level dialogue, but instead we are already considering whether we should not negotiate a free trade agreement.
Now that the worst phase of this financial crisis is over, banks are still not acting, or conducting their business, in the best interest of consumers.
Now the EU, which requires what can be very demanding sacrifices of Member States, in no way provides for the application of this good advice to itself.
Now the Member States have two years to implement the new directive. I would like to call for this timeframe to be shortened, in particular, in the Member States where this would not present a significant problem.
Now the last impediment is being removed to enable the Swedish Social Democrats to be instrumental in Sweden becoming a member of the Euro Plus Pact.
Now these rules, rules that you are basically refusing to question, are the free international movement of capital, the financialisation of the economy, an over-emphasis on the short term, securitisation, complex financial products that are not based on any concrete wealth creation and the constitution of large multinational groups which are more powerful than States and are not subject to control.
Now they are reviled, and there is no need to go into the reasons why. I am here to ask questions rather than give insights, and I have a number of questions.
Now this is sensitive as well because different countries have different obligations under the Treaty and for that reason that section does not apply to the UK.
Now we are hearing new reports about the targeting of opposition parties and journalists.
Now we are making progress.
Now we have to declare loud and clear that these objectives can only be achieved if we assign sufficient resources to them.
Now we hear that many raise objections against the very two-thirds majority that they had previously seen as a guarantee. I personally feel that you are incapable of accepting the rules of the game of democracy.
Now we need action, and I know full well that Commissioner Geoghegan-Quinn is a Commissioner of action and will follow through.
Now we would like to create a modern programme based on these roots.
Now you want to compound that by approving Christine Lagarde - another member of the European political elite, another euro fanatic, somebody else who believes in propping up this euro project - and I would have thought that, as she has got a vested interest, she is, in fact, a highly unsuitable candidate.
Now, I am talking about unjustified advantages within agricultural policy as well as the fact that our anti-corruption policy is, to a large degree, not as successful as we always claim it is, and the fact that, to a certain extent, the EU's administration is rather unwieldy - the very fact that we are here in Strasbourg is an example of this.
Now, although this is, and will remain, one of the most transparent institutions in the Union, I still believe that with greater power comes greater responsibility, and this is precisely what we must strive to achieve in the months to come.
Now, checks should no longer be carried out because of special events, but because of a phenomenon.
Now, following the unexpected reconciliation agreement between Fatah and Hamas, which commits to establishing a technical, non-party interim government and early elections, Europe must grab this opportunity to play a positive role in the region.
Now, for all those years that you have been signing free trade agreements with every country in the world, and especially those that systematically practise social, monetary or environmental dumping, all you have done is to create poverty for all those victims of relocations and closures of companies directly linked to unfair competition.
Now, however, all Member States need to agree on their effective participation in the area without internal borders.
Now, if somebody is trying to change the rules of the game during the game, I think this might be illegal according to EU law and is, anyway, unfair according to common sense.
Now, in these turbulent times, a new competent Managing Director must therefore be appointed for an important global institution such as this and the process must be open.
Now, the Treaties stipulate that Parliament be 'immediately and fully informed at all stages of the procedure'. Hence, it is essential and legitimate that we ask to be associated with the European Commission and Council during these negotiations.
Now, therefore, we await the legislative phase of the Commissioner's actions on research and innovation.
Now, using the government's own figures - the UK Government's own figures - the Open Europe think-tank calculates the cost of just the top 99 directives currently in force at over GBP 20 billion per annum.
Now, we believe that there would be an urgent need to establish regulatory and operational conditions preventing undesirable elements, who could undermine the security of Member States, from slipping into the EU unnoticed via Bulgaria and Romania, but our assessment is that those conditions do not exist today.
Now, with the EU-IMF programme of Portugal waiting for its adoption next Monday in the Eurogroup Ecofin meeting, we are beginning another chapter in this necessary endeavour.
Nowadays, Member States are facing economic, financial and social crises, creating the need more than ever for solidarity and respect for the Union's basic principles. I call for the barriers preventing the free movement of Romanian and Bulgarian workers to be lifted. I also request support from Member States for a new industrial policy and a new innovation policy capable of creating jobs which will provide European citizens with a decent living.
Nowadays, gross domestic product is no longer a sufficient, appropriate indicator for measuring progress, and it is therefore necessary to develop more comprehensive indicators that would provide a more reliable knowledge base in an ever changing world.
Nowadays, however, a number of politicians, above all those from the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance and from the ranks of the left, want to turn farmers into biofuel manufacturers and anti-global warming warriors. I cannot support such developments.
Nowadays, unfortunately, politicians often do not have such information.
Nowhere is that more true than in small businesses, but we have to have the political will to do it. We have to have the political will to be committed to ensuring that we make our markets available.
Nuclear accidents occur without warning and unexpectedly.
Number one: for spectrum already technically harmonised, an obligation to authorise its use by 2012 should not be replaced by the softer obligation to make such spectrum available.
Numerous Sri Lankans who had been displaced by the violence in their country have returned to their homes following the end of hostilities.
OK, laugh if you want to. I do not mind laughter, I like humour, but the issue is that, with the new constitution in Hungary, this Green Ombudsman has been abolished and he has been subordinated.
Objective 3 must be maintained and, even more importantly, developed, so that we can pursue the integration of Community territory across national borders.
Objective 3 provides for complex and multidimensional cooperation that brings partners from different Member States together.
Observing the fact that free trade agreements still generally contain few references to social standards, the report mentions a number of avenues, including the social clause and compliance with International Labour Organisation (ILO) conventions - whether or not they have been ratified already by all Member States.
Obtaining planning permission is one of the greatest problems faced by investors in Lithuania.
Obviously, European citizens must not suffer any extra burdens, nor should Europe replace the tax policies of the Member States, which must remain autonomous and absolutely sovereign in this area.
Obviously, I hope that the outcome of tomorrow's extraordinary meeting will be redress with no exclusions and a return to normality, so that products that are in perfect condition can circulate throughout the European Union and the world at large.
Obviously, as part of this priority, the European Union has also set other targets which must be achieved: to reduce the dropout rate, which, at 16%, is unreasonably high, so we need to reduce it to 10%. Similarly, we will need a more highly-educated labour force in this decade if Europe is to retain its competitive edge over other parts of the world.
Obviously, if one demands the impossible, it ultimately becomes impossible to agree on anything.
Obviously, if the President of the Commission says that we have to uphold the principle of free movement of persons, then I will support that. 25,000 Tunisians cannot be allowed to take 502 million Europeans hostage, but these questions will not go away and public support for Schengen in Europe will be jeopardised.
Obviously, the first thing we want to know is what will be done to prevent the errors made in the two previous tests.
Obviously, the home has a crucial role here, but, as the report points out so well, it is also vital to ensure that those working in the ECEC field have a role to play and that there is a process of mediation, something which children and young people particularly need today.
Obviously, they are important but, at the end of the day, I think that some of the points made here would be refuted by the Canadians - because I am a member of the EU-Canadian delegation and these matters have been discussed and they would have a different perspective - and that is why it is important that we continue to negotiate with them on these issues.
Obviously, this should never have been allowed to happen.
Obviously, we also have to admit that the civilian population is a victim in this kind of conflict, and the UN panel has shown clearly that there are responsibilities on both sides: mainly that of the government but also that of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam, and both need to be investigated.
Obviously, you cannot sell new weapons without destroying the old ones.
Of course Europeans should be represented - they should rightly play a part in what is one of the major institutions - but, more fundamentally, what I want to know from you is: what kind of policy do we want to conduct on the international stage? What kind of mandate should a European carry out on the international stage, given the efforts we are making internally, given the influence of the markets outside the European Union and the impact they have on investment, speculation and employment in Europe?
Of course I can understand that the increase in fuel prices could worsen the problem, but the main reason for the problem has always been overfishing - the fishing over the set limits which cannot leave stocks in a healthy state.
Of course it is a very useful tool but we must not fail to mention that it also has weaknesses.
Of course our immediate priority is to deal with the effects of the dramatic events in the southern Mediterranean, but we also have to draw lessons for the future.
Of course the situation is complicated, but everyone is familiar with the legal position.
Of course there are many other proposals, on the reinforcement of Frontex and on a common European asylum system, for example, but I hope we will have other occasions to discuss such issues in greater depth.
Of course there is a problem in general and, referring to our reform, we can discuss what we can do to help our small-scale fisheries, in particular.
Of course we are very pleased to share all the information with you and we are very committed to making progress on these dossiers, which are, I think, of vital importance for all of us.
Of course we need to realise that, among our various countries, we are at different levels with respect to statistics systems, and it is important that this does not create any additional red tape, as the Commissioner said.
Of course we need to reduce debt, but we also need to ensure that this economic governance helps to guarantee the success of the Europe 2020 strategy.
Of course, I also need to thank my assistant, the advisor in my political group and the advisor of the ITRE Committee.
Of course, all such trials by the US authorities - which, after all, is a country that is a democracy and shares our common values - must nevertheless be conducted fairly with all legal safeguards of due process, and ideally by civilian courts.
Of course, alongside the independence of their country, the people of South Sudan want, above all, to live in peace and find a way to a happier future after the decades of war in which millions of South Sudanese were forced to sacrifice their lives.
Of course, analysts in the market are well able to read across from stress tests and other information and make an estimate as to what is going on in the banking books.
Of course, any deliberate atrocities against civilians by the military must be punished. I agree with that, but there is no clear evidence that this was deliberate government policy. I would like to remind the House that the LTTE refused a supervised international surrender offer and preferred instead to choose a bloodbath as their kind of exit strategy, which was appalling.
Of course, basically the situation is that there cannot be a two-tier system in the European Union: the same rules have to apply to everyone.
Of course, discussions between the Commission and the Member States on these recommendations have sometimes been very intense, but I am pleased that the overall result has maintained the high level of ambition.
Of course, even now, and probably also in the future, various Member States will find it possible to fund programmes either from the EGF or the ESF and have some kind of room for manoeuvre, but it is very important just to keep the EGF available for all Member States in case there is a need to respond to sudden employment crises.
Of course, every individual comes for a reason, namely that he - because it is very often a he - has no work in Tunisia. I feel very strongly about every individual's fate here, but not all of them can come to Europe.
Of course, for a successful implementation of ideas, governance matters very strongly and a governance framework for innovation must be based today on pragmatism and must be delivered with a sense of urgency, and also must be at the service of the policy content.
Of course, innovation should be encouraged, but this should not be done in a manner that is detrimental to other fundamental policies for the European Union's future, such as the common agricultural policy.
Of course, interests can be conflicting, and rightly so. I used to be a judge and I can say that cross-examination of opposing sides is considered a condition for uncovering the truth and obtaining justice.
Of course, it is my own country, my own capital city of London, which will be most adversely affected by these new restrictions, but the EU as a whole has an interest in preventing this haemorrhage of wealth, of jobs and of enterprise from Europe to younger and more virile economies.
Of course, money is not the only consideration: how the European Union chooses to invest and to implement political priorities to 2020 and beyond will determine Europe's capacity for influencing the world.
Of course, remaining obstacles such as interference on air or on cable TV will have to be solved; there is no doubt about that.
Of course, that does not mean that public finances and economic performance are not also a matter of collective interest.
Of course, the Commission will reply formally to your recommendations in the follow-up report, to be presented after the summer, but, as you can see, we are already working hard to reinforce the management of the EU budget and improve the performance of our programmes. I am looking forward to our future cooperation.
Of course, the best solution, as always, would be for there not to be any hazardous waste.
Of course, the evaluation mechanisms must proceed from being intergovernmental systems to being Union systems, as recently announced by Mrs Malmström, just as the governance of Schengen certainly produces increased cooperation and dynamic reinforcement, as well as modernisation, transparency and dialogue.
Of course, the idea would be to eliminate 100% of tariffs, which normally you would not have with a developing or an emerging economy.
Of course, the report before us is guided by an objective, which is none other than a way of making the European economy more competitive in a global world.
Of course, there are also the major questions relating to the Arab world, which many of my fellow Members have referred to. How should we react to events such as the flotilla, which, in my opinion, is a provocative act? How should we deal with President Assad? How can we ensure that the People's Mujahedin in Iran does not receive any support, because I am opposed to supporting it, but, at the same time, guarantee that Camp Ashraf is not attacked again and its occupants killed? We need to take a sensible approach in order to identify a common position.
Of course, there is a group of countries who are fiercely against it. This was also very visible here during the debate. I must just remind you that on 15 October, the Council agreed on the political compromise.
Of course, these proposals could slightly improve the working of the banks over time, but they do not change the exploitative nature of the system, or its principal objective of increasing profit and speculative endeavours.
Of course, this Parliament is strongly concerned about individual liberty and the due process of law, and rightly so, but we should recognise that some detainees do present a problem.
Of course, this is another of the baleful consequences of the Lisbon Treaty. I find totally unacceptable the idea that the United Kingdom and France should indeed give over their United Nations Security Council seat in order to enable the EU to sit at the Security Council table. I do not see that either Member State would be willing to do that.
Of course, this relates to mobile and wireless broadband communications, radio and television broadcasting and also radio communications at concerts or in theatres.
Of course, voices are also being raised in protest - and I, too, endorse what was said by Mr Voss and other members - about its often unsatisfactory and disproportionate application at national level.
Of course, we are working closely with that authority and we, like the European Central Bank, have helped prepare this new round of tests with the EBA, but it is the EBA that is mainly responsible for this.
Of course, we cannot say that the common security and defence policy will be a wonder drug for all the world's evils, but development of the CSDP would certainly mean we would know more about those conflicts and that we could perhaps prevent or resolve them. I am thinking, here, about the conflicts which have broken out in North Africa and the Middle East, and also about the frozen conflicts which are still smouldering in Nagorno-Karabakh, Transnistria and the occupied territories of Georgia.
Of course, we know that there are some difficulties in the euro area.
Of course, we must not forget and we cannot ignore various important issues, which continue to hinder the development of valuable relations between the EU and Russia, and especially, moreover, the fact that nearly three years after the war in Georgia, Russia continues to occupy a large part of the sovereign territory of Georgia, continues to ignore the agreement concluded in 2008, and fails to ensure proper access to these territories by the European Union Observer Mission.
Of course, we should not conclude an agreement at any cost but only if the substance on the table is right.
Of course, we still have to find the source. I see that many people working for the authorities, with the support of the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA), too - my sincere thanks to the European institutions and to Commissioner Dalli for the fact that the European Union is also helping to investigate this matter - are really working very intensively on this.
Of course, when I interrupt the speaker, I always give him the additional time, so everybody is happy - the speaker is happy, you are happy that you get the interpretation, and, of course, our interpreters are happy as well.
Of particular concern is the situation regarding democratic development and human rights in Russia.
Of particular importance is reviving the SBA in accordance with the objectives of the EU 2020 strategy and all actions to facilitate SME growth through simplification and support, not only for investment, but also for the challenges that globalisation and climate change bring today.
Of special importance to the consumer is also the establishment of the right to withdraw from a contract within a 14-day period without giving a reason and the related right to obtain reimbursement of all payments which have been made. I also have a positive opinion of the final version of the provisions of Chapter 5 on prohibited contractual terms. I am certain that the directive will significantly improve consumer rights in the European Union, so I endorsed the report.
Of the three institutions, the one that is not making good progress in this area is the Council, and it should get back on track as quickly as possible.
Of these seats open to a free vote, the representatives of the democratic opposition won every seat bar one in the Senate.
Of these, I should like to stress the need for new and diversified lifelong learning, which is crucial for better-quality work, particularly in the context of jobs, as well as the need to pay particular attention to young people, to women and to the disabled, as set out in the Europe 2020 strategy.
Of these, in my view the European Social Fund is fundamental, for a very simple reason, which is that we are in an acute phase of the economic and social crisis that is not yet over, and that is having its most serious effects precisely on work and employment.
Of these, the international air transport agreements are of particular importance, given the various security and coordination needs involved.
Of this, 20% is represented by intelligent transport systems (ITS) and 5% by safety applications, including transport safety applications.
Off the coast of Calabria, just a few miles away from the port of Cetraro, there is a sunken vessel known for carrying highly toxic waste.
Often, and especially in urban areas which stand out thanks to problems of social exclusion or environmental pollution, ESF resources could be used to support local projects to prevent exclusion that are carried out in a coordinated and united way by public authorities and private businesses acting as leaders to a network of cities. I hope that today's vote encourages better harmonisation of rules for particular EU funds and programmes under which urban and local development projects are eligible for cofinancing in order to minimise red tape and potential errors in implementation as far as possible.
Often, the workers themselves are isolated, and access to trade unions is often very difficult in this situation.
On 1 January 2013, the 800 MHz frequency will be used for mobile Internet, and will provide wireless users with high quality access and thus reduce the digital divide.
On 1 October 2009, the aggregated results were sent to the Ecofin Council, which, on 2 December that year, asked the CEBS to provide it with information on the strength of the banking system, for which new stress tests would be carried out.
On 12 November 2009, the Supreme Court considered that there was indeed a violation of the substantive provisions of criminal law and ordered a renewed procedure to be conducted by the Central District Court of Buda.
On 13 April 2011, we presented two legislative proposals on IPR, under enhanced cooperation, which will reduce the cost of patents by up to 80%. A single European patent will be valid in 25 Member States and, if you want to build a start-up or you need access to finance, the Commission will ensure by 2012 that venture capital funds established in any Member State can function and invest freely elsewhere in the EU.
On 14 April 2011 the Commission adopted a new proposal for a decision on the mobilisation of the EGF in favour of Belgium with a view to supporting the reintegration into the labour market of 2 834 workers made redundant in the primary enterprise General Motors Belgium and in four of its suppliers in the motor vehicle sector in Antwerp.
On 14 April 2011, the Commission adopted a new draft decision on the mobilisation of the EGF in favour of Belgium, with the aim of supporting the reintegration into the labour market of workers made redundant as a result of the global economic and financial crisis.
On 14 April 2011, the Commission adopted a proposal for a decision on the mobilisation of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund (EGF) in favour of Belgium, with a view to supporting the reintegration into the labour market of workers made redundant as a result of the global financial and economic crisis.
On 14 June 2010, the Commission published its Action Plan on Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) Applications, which included 24 specific recommendations for action.
On 17 January of this year the protocol regulating fishing and the respective economic partnership between the EU and Seychelles expired.
On 18 March, the European Banking Authority published an executive summary containing the methodology, and we would like to know, when the European Council thought that the information should be published, what measures...
On 18 May, there will be protests around the world organised by many groups, including the Tamil Solidarity Campaign, to mark the second anniversary of this bloody war. A united struggle of Sinhalese and Tamil people is still needed to defeat this regime and fight for the right of self-determination for the Tamil-speaking people.
On 2 July 2010, the Secretary-General certified with reasonable confidence that Parliament's budget had been implemented in accordance with the principles of sound financial management and that the control framework put in place provides the necessary guarantees as to the legality and regularity of the underlying operations.
On 22 December 2007, I helped to chop down the border gate on the Slovak-Hungarian border.
On 23 and 24 March 2000, the European Council, meeting in Lisbon, set the European Union (EU) an ambitious strategic objective: to become, by 2010, the most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based economy in the world.
On 23 and 24 March 2000, the European Council, meeting in Lisbon, set the European Union an objective: to become, by 2010, the most competitive knowledge-based economy in the world.
On 25 March 2011, the European Council reiterated the strategic importance of the EU-Japan relationship, confirming that 'the forthcoming summit must be used to strengthen this relationship and bring forward our common agenda'. In this regard, the conditions for a successful FTA should be explored on the basis that Japan can demonstrate its willingness to tackle, inter alia, non-tariff barriers and restrictions on public procurement.
On 26 April 1986, a sudden power surge in the reactor during a system test damaged the reactor vessel, which gave rise to a series of explosions.
On 28 September 2009, the Commission released a communication entitled 'GDP and beyond: Measuring progress in a changing world', proposing measures for the creation of a database of EU environmental accounts, with a view to better public debate and better-supported decision making.
On 29 September 2010, the Commission tabled a legislative package aimed at strengthening economic governance in the European Union and the euro area.
On 6 July 2010, the Central District Court of Buda sent a request to waive the immunity of Ágnes Hankiss in connection with renewed criminal proceedings ordered by a judgment of the Supreme Court of the Republic of Hungary in 2009.
On 6 May 2009 Parliament carried out a review of its Rules of Procedure and introduced, under Rule 51, a new 'procedure with joint committee meetings', in order to streamline procedures regarding the approval of matters that go beyond the competences of a single committee, so that only one report is submitted to plenary, which would reflect the position of all the committees involved.
On 6 May 2009, an Agreement on civil aviation safety was concluded between the EU - then the European Community - and Canada, similar to that with the US, aimed at strengthening cooperation between the two parties and reducing duplication of checks for all controls and tests. I voted in favour of this recommendation and welcome the strengthening of relations between the two parties.
On Abyei, the situation is difficult, but again the European Union position will be a very clear and strong condemnation of the occupation calling for the situation to be resolved immediately.
On February 2010, in the presence and with the participation of the European Union, Greece, the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and Albania signed the Agreement on the protection and sustainable development of the Prespa Park Area.
On Monday night I met with Prime Minister Papandreou, and we also discussed a more strategic use of our European structural funds.
On Monday, we remembered Europe Day, a day in celebration of the European Union.
On Sunday, 5 June, the German authorities notified the European Commission that, based on the epidemiological investigations, they believe bean sprouts are the possible source of the E coli outbreak affecting mainly the northern part of Germany.
On Syria, for example, what are you convinced of? Should Assad be included or not? What is your opinion? We would like to hear that.
On a global scale, this will not reduce emissions of gases which are harmful to the climate.
On account of a few hundred people, France responded by reintroducing border controls, and that, too, was for domestic political reasons.
On all the enquiries that I have made, Commissioner, I keep being informed that some detailed negotiations and plans are in place but, as yet, we do not have those details. I wonder if you could provide us with those today? May I finally be bold enough to ask you whether we can conclude this FTA before the summer is out.
On behalf of President Barroso, I would like to underline once more that the Commission does not make political judgments on the fundamental constitutional and institutional choices that a Member State makes.
On behalf of Romania's citizens, I call on the European Commission to take a stance and block these inhumane measures which are jeopardising lives and basic rights.
On behalf of my group, I have therefore retabled the amendment which was adopted by the Environment Committee, namely, to run down subsidies which have a harmful effect on the environment in the period up to 2020.
On behalf of the ALDE Group, I would like to invite the representatives of the EU to address all the concerns raised by the European Parliament with their Russian counterparts.
On behalf of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats), I would also like to emphasise what Mrs Goulard said about symmetry and asymmetry.
On behalf of the PPE Group, I would like to ask the President of the Commission to give us an appraisal of whether the Commission - and, above all, Frontex - has enough resources, whether we, the European Union, have enough capabilities to respond on the ground, and whether we have enough statutory bases to enable Europe to act together in the Mediterranean region.
On both sides, here it is not a matter of supplying arms, but rather of peaceful mediation between the two sides.
On interest rates: let us be very clear that countries should not be charged penal interest rates.
On one hand, the future measures must be closely connected to overall EU priorities to justify the contribution of the EU budget.
On restructuring, the presentation of principles and objectives should not reduce the visibility of the principle of efficient use of spectrum, which should apply to all sectors to the greatest extent possible.
On such a sensitive and serious food safety issue, it is not acceptable just to dab on a touch of face powder to look good to the consumers.
On that basis the exact composition of our food assistance will be determined.
On that front, I would point out that some studies show that low-energy animal feed could lead to a higher incidence of diseases and, hence, more antibiotic use.
On that occasion, the Council endorsed the Presidency's conclusions on the progress made and the need to continue to work in close cooperation with all Member States towards a solution acceptable to all parties involved.
On the 25th anniversary of the disaster, the European Commission announced that EUR 110 million would be allocated to stabilising the situation and protecting the environment around the Chernobyl nuclear power plant.
On the Council's side, this compromise was very fragile, and it is understandable that some issues such as the scope of the directive or collection and distribution of the allocated funds to Member States were sensitive issues even up to the end of the talks. I believe that further compromise talks would lead to a worse result or would end in no result at all.
On the European side, it has been common to be in awe of the size, population and military might of Russia and frightened of Russian expansionism.
On the Sanchez-Schmid, Stavrakakis, Vlasak and Mikolasik reports: Conservative MEPs have elected to reject these reports on the future direction of Cohesion policy, with the exception of the Vlasak report where we have abstained.
On the accession of Bulgaria to the EU on 1 January 2007, weaknesses remained in the areas of judicial reform and the fight against corruption and organised crime.
On the amendment 10 ,which I have voted in favour, not because I do not want to end up the system that allows large agro holdings to receive millions of Euros of public money; I do want to introduce an upper-ceiling for direct payments.
On the basis of our amendments adopted in the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety, the compromise negotiated with the Council contains, in addition to the accounts initially proposed, a requirement for the Commission to report by the end of 2013 and examine extension of the accounts to cover material stocks (and not only flows) as well as eco-system services.
On the basis of the above, I voted in favour of rejecting the report.
On the basis of the relevant Council mandate, the Commission has negotiated with the Republic of Seychelles, on behalf of the European Union, the renewal of the Protocol to the Fisheries Partnership Agreement between the European Union and the Republic of Seychelles.
On the basis of the relevant Council mandate, the Commission negotiated on behalf of the European Union with the Republic of Seychelles the renewal of the Protocol to the Fisheries Partnership Agreement between the European Union and the Republic of Seychelles.
On the basis of the results of the consultation process and after examining all the arguments, the Commission intends to take further corrective measures to prevent misleading and illegal cross-border practices.
On the basis of the results of the evaluations and of the monitoring visits carried out, the rapporteur, Mr Coelho, has reached the conclusion that all the conditions necessary for the application of all parts of the Schengen acquis have been met: specifically, checks at the land, sea and air borders, police cooperation, visas, connection to the Schengen Information System (SIS), and data protection.
On the basis of this agreement with the regions and with the Member States, a budget totalling EUR 9.2 billion is envisaged for a sustainable energy policy in the current period, with the key focuses being renewable energy and improving energy efficiency.
On the basis of this diagnosis, then, we need to improve the situation.
On the basis of this report, the main objective of the radio spectrum policy programme is broadband coverage by 2013 for all citizens of Europe, and high speed Internet by 2020.
On the cohesion policy, which is the financial instrument used to create regional solidarity and encourage regional economic development, the report proposes enhancing its objectives by creating a category for intermediate regions so that regions at the same developmental level can benefit ...
On the contrary, if activities involving nuclear energy are carried out in proximity to the European Union's borders according to rules and standards which are lower than those in Europe, this is already a cause for concern for us and Europe's citizens.
On the contrary, investment subsidies under the second pillar will promote a keenness and a willingness for innovation.
On the contrary, it is a directive which limits and regulates national charges.
On the contrary, the result will not be a patchwork of subsidies.
On the contrary, there is a need for the synchronised development of both big cities and small rural communities to go hand in hand. I have, incidentally, highlighted these themes in my draft amendments to Mr Siekierski's report on the future of the common agricultural policy.
On the contrary, they serve the interests of the banks, which have knowingly kept toxic bonds subject to large-scale international speculation on their books, and the interests of large corporations which have found, in the common market, a haven for speculation and tax evasion. I would mention, by way of example, the German company Hochtief, which manages Athens Airport; it has not paid a euro since 2001 and owes EUR 500 million in VAT.
On the contrary, they should aim to create new standards of social cohesion and collectivity which the humanities and a European system of university classification based on them can develop in the right direction.
On the contrary, until the spring events, Azerbaijan was making relatively good progress and was not listed by Human Rights Watch among such poorly-viewed states as China, Iraq, Israel, Russia, Saudi Arabia or Uzbekistan.
On the contrary, we should support the reports which propose postponing discharge.
On the contrary: what we need is the consistent further development of cooperation between our Member States and cross-border cooperation by the police and justice authorities.
On the death penalty, I think things are clear in this continent at least - although not in other parts of the world, unfortunately.
On the eve of the vote on the report on a possible increase in the greenhouse gas emission reduction target by 2020 from 20% to 30%, I would like to express my alarm at the conclusions, which go too far.
On the issue of SMEs having access to the market, I call on the Commission to propose a plan for introducing and selling innovative products on the market.
On the issue of compensation, this will be discussed this afternoon in the AGRI Council, and I am sure that my colleague, Commissioner Cioloş, is doing his utmost to identify and develop ways and means of compensating our farmers who have been suffering as a result of this problem.
On the issue of food from cloned animals and their offspring, Parliament was right when it maintained its point of view based on principle.
On the issue of proportionality, whilst there have been some cases of minor importance for which a European Arrest Warrant was issued, it is ultimately a matter for the issuing authority in each Member State to decide for which offences it wants to launch the proceedings.
On the key issues raised this afternoon, of course we would all support simplification, such as a common set of rules. I am aware, however, of some concerns about always using flat rates and lump sums, so I believe we should be looking for some flexibility and discretion in those areas.
On the negative side, the text is sometimes too much oriented towards the economic role and competitiveness of research and innovation rather than towards what research and innovation can bring to society as a whole.
On the occasion of this anniversary, I should like to remind the House of the commitment shown by successive German governments to supporting Polish attempts to join the European Union.
On the one hand this report specifies the tasks and objectives to be pursued during the stage of monitoring, and possibly sanctioning, the budgets of the various countries, and on the other it identifies forms of incentive to encourage them to meet the criteria (the so-called Eurobonds) supplementing the surveillance package.
On the one hand, Croatia's participation in the monitoring centre would provide decisive factual information to support our commitment to fight the illegal drug trade, given that Croatia is one of the main transit routes for smuggling drugs into the European Union; on the other hand, Croatia could make use of European best practice in order to respond to and combat the problem.
On the one hand, Europe is experiencing increased unemployment among young people and the insecure and temporary nature of the jobs young people normally do. On the other, however, it is also clear that companies lack qualified professionals whose training is geared towards the duties they should be performing.
On the one hand, India says that this should not be a part of the EU-India FTA. I agree.
On the one hand, given the current wave of immigrants from North Africa, where the EU is encouraging democratic change, some states have asked for, and obtained, a temporary suspension of those arrangements.
On the one hand, it 'welcomes the appointment of the new [Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises (SME)] Envoy by the Commission, and supports his mandate to monitor the progress of the Member States in the implementation of the [Small Business Act (SBA)] and to promote SMEs' interests throughout the whole Commission, ensuring, in particular, that the 'Think Small First' principle is being applied effectively; calls on Member States to appoint national SME Envoys to coordinate SME policies and control the implementation of the SBA across different administrations'.
On the one hand, it contributes to the creation of supranational projects and EU strategies, and on the other it helps to reduce barriers between territories and regions. I am convinced that effective territorial cooperation is important not only inside the Union, but chiefly in areas which share a border with the European Union's Member States.
On the one hand, it is estimated that, by 2020, almost 15.6 million new jobs will be created for highly qualified people, but, on the other hand, 12 million jobs for people with few or no qualifications will be lost.
On the one hand, it maintains that proof of origin is useless, since it states that the European Union can protect itself on the basis of a system of ex post statistical customs surveillance.
On the one hand, it seems that the need for greater internal consistency is being felt, in order that companies can benefit from the common market's potential without fearing that there might be solutions in a given foreign legal system that they had not anticipated and for which they had not prepared, which has been a real problem.
On the one hand, it would promote effectively the consolidation of the internal market, contributing to the breaking down of physical and cultural obstacles which hinder this process; on the other hand, it would support European integration in different political sectors, helping countries to develop coordinated and shared projects. I agree with the allocation of greater funds to support this policy, above all where this concerns raising the percentage of the budget allocated to interregional cooperation.
On the one hand, provision of mobile broadband networks across the board is a basic requirement that is in the interests of European citizens, but, on the other hand, development in the area of public and private broadcasting must be taken into consideration as an important instrument for cultural diversity and the provision of information.
On the one hand, the EU wants to carve out its global role as a diplomatic heavyweight but, on the other hand, the CFSP requires unanimity, which means compromising to preserve the interests of individual Member States, particularly the big ones.
On the one hand, the money comes from contributions by the States and, on the other, a stable budget for the 2014-2020 period means that all the EU's major projects to restore growth and to invest in the future are jeopardised.
On the one hand, the recovery in the real economy has taken hold and is becoming more solid and self-sustaining.
On the one hand, they question the causal link with the basis for future contract law, while also, more importantly, fearing a further complication of the legal situation.
On the one hand, we have adopted a single legislative instrument on consumer rights, which provides harmonisation and takes over from the four previous directives in this area.
On the other hand, European diplomacy is still not consistent in promoting religious freedom in all of its aspects, with an emphasis on respecting the rights of Christians worldwide. I would therefore prefer to see myself and my constituents represented by Slovak diplomats. I believe they will promote a fundamentally different viewpoint to that of the EU in these matters, many of which fall within the competence of nation states.
On the other hand, I always worry that the large number of bilateral agreements will cause us to lose sight of the overall picture and that we will end up with a patchwork of agreements that makes it hard to achieve a genuine agreement within the framework of the WTO.
On the other hand, I am convinced that the cooperation and verification mechanism - the famous CVM on which the Commission will release a report in July, dealing with the exact same issues that were voiced in this debate - could be helpful, even if officially, it is not part of the conditions for Schengen accession.
On the other hand, I feel that the optional application of common rules for cross-border contracts is a viable alternative.
On the other hand, I must say that it is rather unfortunate that we have put the urgent issues of Azerbaijan and Belarus one after the other - one week after Azerbaijan became - and was welcomed as - a founder of the Euronest Parliamentary Assembly together with us, the European Parliament.
On the other hand, I want to highlight the deterioration in the human rights situation and rule of law in Sudan where we have recently seen an increase in arbitrary arrests. I cannot help but remind you that Omar al-Bashir is still subject to an international arrest warrant, a fact which the authorities in this country ignore.
On the other hand, I would like to say that the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) has regarded and does regard a strong transatlantic relationship as a priority, in that this is based on the conviction of the existence of a set of common values and on respect for human rights.
On the other hand, a prior full assessment of the impact of the measures proposed has not been conducted by the Commission. I think that it would have had a major impact, in particular, on Pakistan's population and this country's budget resources.
On the other hand, another issue of principle has been to do with the institutional relations between the European Parliament and Council when it came to MEPs accessing documents on the basis of which they had to vote.
On the other hand, criminal law sanctions for environmental crimes must be radically tightened, and inspection must be uniformly increased at EU level.
On the other hand, efficient use of resources as a measure on its own is not enough - in general, there needs to be a sustainable attitude to the environment at every stage of business development. I therefore call on both the European Commission and the Member States to pay as much attention as possible to developing greater youth entrepreneurship and promoting efficient use of resources and other energy saving initiatives.
On the other hand, experience to date shows that market mechanisms are incapable of reacting quickly and flexibly to negative developments, the result of which is that a financial crisis turns into a debt crisis.
On the other hand, however, it does not criticise or propose alternatives to the neoliberal and restrictive policies of the Stability and Growth Pact, which are causing so many problems for SMEs and the general public.
On the other hand, however, that strategy should not result in indiscriminate interference by the EU central authority in the economies of individual Member States.
On the other hand, however, the resolution does not tackle - or fails to tackle sufficiently - a number of the constraints, direct and indirect, with which SMEs are currently burdened, many of which are the result of the policies dominant at EU level.
On the other hand, however, we ought to applaud this body that allows for the vital breath of life to be brought to situations of grave crisis which would otherwise be at risk of placing industrial sectors and above all the destiny of many workers in serious danger. I agree with the allocation and use of the Fund but this can be no more than a temporary measure.
On the other hand, it fails to call on Russia to put an immediate stop to the Chernobyl-style nuclear reactors that threaten all of us. I am voting against this report, despite its calls for the democratic rights of Russian citizens to be respected, something which I support.
On the other hand, it is important for the EU to provide financial support for energy projects and innovation.
On the other hand, it is not a question of climbing down on the issue of pollution, which is still important, but simply of using a criterion that will ensure that basic common sense is applied.
On the other hand, it is uneven and we still face turbulence in the financial markets, especially in the sovereign debt markets.
On the other hand, its mention of work experience placements implicitly opens the door to a different status for these workers, and it is wrong as regards 'protection arrangements for atypical and insecure jobs'.
On the other hand, large businesses are complaining of a shortage of specialist staff, often a welcome excuse for employing people at low wage rates.
On the other hand, legislation which is underpinned and supported by scientific arguments, with input from all parties, and which will eventually lead to legislation that is acceptable for all, whilst still being workable - now, that will lead to greater prosperity in Europe.
On the other hand, more efforts are needed in certain areas, especially to improve implementation, avoid excessive delays, ensure tighter financial discipline and increase synergies with other EU policies.
On the other hand, other states have decided, for reasons which would seem to reflect their own narrow interests towards the applicants, to exploit the fact that Romania and Bulgaria are not yet part of the area and to try to keep them out, once again.
On the other hand, the EU Member States are over-represented in all multilateral organisations with the exception of the World Trade Organisation.
On the other hand, the EU combines this positive sentiment with plenty of legislation on employment protection and environmental requirements: legislation which is well-intentioned but all of which bears most heavily on SMEs, increasing the administrative burden on small business when we should be reducing it.
On the other hand, the decision to apply sanctions is always difficult due to the inevitable humanitarian, economic and social consequences triggered by this.
On the other hand, the globalisation processes also offer a wide range of opportunities, challenges and threats for global governance, while revealing social loopholes and failures, including in areas such as the financial markets, energy security, the fight against poverty, climate change policy and human rights violations.
On the other hand, the interests of Slovakia are in harmony with those of other Member States here.
On the other hand, the violation of fundamental principles and rights at work cannot be used as a legitimate comparative advantage.
On the other hand, there was a more consistent average rate of project selection for the three objectives of convergence, regional competitiveness and employment and European territorial cooperation - and the same applies in the categories geared to the Lisbon Strategy objectives.
On the other hand, they damage the textile industry and the countries and regions most dependent on it. All this against a backdrop of a severe economic crisis and high unemployment.
On the other hand, unilateral violation of the agreement must be prevented at all costs, since this threatens the construction of a European area without borders, which started in 1985.
On the other hand, we could agree to the introduction of a mechanism allowing the imposition of limits to duty-free imports for Pakistan tariff rate quotas where volumes of imports of products liberalised increase beyond certain levels. I also agree that preferences should be removed for any product causing or threatening to cause serious difficulties to a Union producer of like or directly competing products, as determined by an investigation carried out by the Commission.
On the other hand, we do recognise that Georgia has financing needs and that there is an EU responsibility here.
On the other hand, we have laid down detailed rules for buying and selling online, in order to promote cross-border trade and to guarantee transparency for both businesses and consumers.
On the other hand, we know that there are exceptions where export is allowed.
On the other hand, we need to see how we can use the European Fisheries Fund to support and help the countries which are in the throes of serious economic crisis to overcome these problems, so that they can help their fishermen.
On the other hand, we should reject all proposed attempts to boost investment in the Objective 2 regions, or to create a strong transitional category of regions without financial expertise. I see no reason for the endless redistribution of money from the rich to the rich. I do, however, regard a specific transition mechanism between Objectives 1 and 2 as an appropriate addition.
On the other hand, we were continuously in touch with countries that expressed doubts about the accession of Romania and Bulgaria.
On the other hand, you could perhaps say that it would be better to play for time, in which case I would really appeal to you because the more that time goes by, the more painful and the more costly restructuring will be. It will, in particular, be more costly for taxpayers because the more that time goes by, the more of a burden the Greek public debt will become on public or quasi-public entities - I am thinking of the European Central Bank, I am thinking of the European Financial Stability Facility (EFSF) - and it is increasingly the taxpayer who is going to be asked to pay up.
On the other, however, there is a certain resistance amongst Member States to sacrificing their legal solutions, which is hardly surprising given that these have developed over centuries and that they are widely known by their respective populations.
On the question of how the agencies perform against the criteria that are set, I have to say that it is the role of the governing board of each agency to assess its performance against those criteria.
On the remaining one, there is a disagreement between Parliament and the Council. I believe a solution can and must be found.
On the roads, the toll is voluntary.
On the subject of Central Asia, Baroness Ashton, we want to become involved, but we have no representations there. I know that there are financial problems, but we urgently need diplomatic representations in the area.
On the subject of growth, we must support President Barroso's proposed EUR 1 billion plan, and we must deliver a proper development plan for Greece. I approve of the idea put forward by Mr Cohn-Bendit: why not focus on military expenditure, which accounts for 4% of GDP? Furthermore, if the European Union could arbitrate between Turkey and Cyprus, I believe we would save Greece 2% of its GDP.
On the subject of sovereign debt, I advocated that the rating agencies should avoid pro-cyclicality in their work and take into account the forecasts of the main international financial institutions. I also called for proposals from the Commission to reform the payment models and to impose accountability for misconduct.
On the subject of the Europe 2020 strategy, we should remember that cohesion policy is one of the most important and tangible tools for implementing it. For that reason, it is vitally important that in this report Parliament adopts a strong position in favour of budget levels similar to what they are now.
On the trade and economic side, the level of ambition should include, at least, aiming for the following: 100% duty and quota-free treatment for all goods; a robust and credible road map for eliminating a critical mass of non-tariff measures; an open investment regime to achieve levels of foreign direct investment into Japan comparable to those of other OECD countries; and a government procurement market with a level of openness matching those of the EU countries at all levels of government.
On the whole, I think that Eurobonds are not a miracle solution.
On these aspects, we should do everything we can within the context of the Partnership for Modernisation to help their roots to spread across Russia and develop.
On this anniversary, let us take the opportunity to reflect seriously on what to do to stop these detrimental tendencies, and to return to proper, dynamic integration in the future.
On this condition, perhaps the aspiration of 3% of GDP to be devoted to R&D will become a reality?
On this densely populated continent, every nuclear power plant has consequences for neighbouring countries.
On this front, the effort made on the idea of introducing an intermediate category of regions is particularly important, above all, because in a number of cases, the years of recession that we are emerging from have intensified internal divisions, further increasing the importance of effective and adequate support for less developed regions in Europe, combating wastage and bringing development policy sharply into focus.
On this latter point, we should call upon Member States to resolve the issue of late payments, which has created and continues to create serious problems and difficulties.
On this matter, I support the rapporteur's proposal to enhance cooperation with EU national parliaments in exercising democratic scrutiny over the CFSP and the CSDP, with the goal of mutually reinforcing their respective influence on the political choices made by the other European institutions and by the Member States, while fully respecting national parliaments' defence policy prerogatives.
On this point, I should stress, for example, the impact of direct aid on boosting small farms' profitability and competitiveness.
On this point, we think that a broad and comprehensive political debate should take place about the desired level of ambition and the financial resources available.
On this subject, I would like to revisit a point that I think is particularly important: the establishment of a new intermediate category. I believe, of course, that this new category cannot be created by siphoning off resources from existing ones, which are essential for supporting the balanced, harmonious and sustainable growth of our communities.
On top of a number of administrative difficulties, European entrepreneurs are too often faced with very diverse contractual regulations in force in the Member States.
On top of this, forests are essential for all of us and are part of our identity.
On top of this, they have an essential role in combating climate change due to their capacity to absorb carbon dioxide and release oxygen.
Once again (as in the case of the ITER project), the EU has managed to delay a project for so long that the costs are impossible to estimate.
Once again I thank the House for contributing to the interinstitutional debate through the amendments presented, some of which have given particular emphasis to the political dimension and consumer interest in this issue.
Once again, I voted in favour of this report which points out that real savings could be made if Parliament only had one workplace, in the same city as the European Union's other institutions (in other words Brussels). The report of the Secretary-General on Parliament's preliminary draft estimates for 2011 itself draws attention to the huge annual costs arising from the geographical split of Parliament, estimated at some EUR 160 000 000, which accounts for 9% of Parliament's total budget.
Once again, I would like to reiterate the importance of this legal process in order to allow easier comprehension and greater clarity of EU legal texts, whose main beneficiaries are the European public and its bodies. A Europe that is clear and simple for the entire public is the key factor in developing a sense of belonging, which is vital to the European project.
Once again, I would like to thank all those involved. I think that by adopting this legislative process, the Committee on International Trade is showing that we are capable of dealing with complex issues and complex dossiers within a reasonable timeframe.
Once again, I would stress the importance to Portugal of the issue of maintaining the milk quotas or any other effective mechanism for regulating the market, and my undertaking that I, as a Member of this House, will remain committed to defending it.
Once again, any Member State leaving the euro would see its new currency dramatically devalued. I repeat my example of Iceland, which is not in the euro but which has been through all that.
Once again, as I said to Mrs Sarnez, the European Parliament's commitment would also be very important in this respect, in the context of relations with the burgeoning parliaments and political parties in these young and new democracies.
Once again, in the overall context of this financial and economic governance that we are in the process of establishing together, the 2011 tests will be more rigorous, credible and transparent than the previous round, and we are going to build on the lessons and the review of this 2011 round in order to ensure that, as you have requested, the subsequent stages in the banking sector stress tests are even more effective, rigorous, credible and transparent.
Once again, it should be stressed that as a result of the crisis and economic instability, CFP will no longer function and will leave the fishermen to their fate.
Once again, the decision just adopted reflects the persistent lack of cooperation by the Council in the implementation and transparency of its budget.
Once again, the question arises whether we should introduce regionalisation for the fisheries industry, and exert more influence on CFP on the part of individual states, albeit in a balanced way.
Once again, we are calling attention to the question of free speech and freedom of the press and to the general policy of treating journalists in Azerbaijan.
Once appointed, H.G. Wessberg will serve until the end of Sweden's mandate, that is until March 2012, and could then be re-elected for another mandate of six years. I wish him all the best in his new role.
Once more, welcome to Brussels and to our Parliament.
Once the directive has been implemented in Europe's countries of transit, goods imported to and exported from Italy will be more exposed to the burden of additional charges. I share the Italian Government's highly critical view: it believes that, at a time of great economic difficulty such as we are experiencing now, the political decision to strike at an economic sector that underpins our market is far from wise.
Once the legislative proposals are on the table, Commissioner, we will then work intensively to achieve a good outcome together. I can already assure you that you are likely to have greater support here in Parliament than some other commissioners would have.
Once they can travel freely within the Schengen area, many of them will inevitably find their way to Britain in order to take advantage of our generous benefits and public housing system, like so many before them.
Once we are confident that the contamination has been stopped, we will concentrate on what happened in the information sector, with regard to investigation protocols and in terms of coordination across the board when the crisis occurred, and we will then reflect on whether we need more tools and closer European coordination.
Once we have received this information, we will examine whether further steps can be taken to alleviate the effects on nature in this area as a whole.
Once we have taken this decision during this sitting, I hope we will also be able to ensure that it becomes an important part of the basis for the decisions that Parliament and the Member States will take in the future. I hope that this method of determining the quality of a society is given high priority and that sufficient resources are earmarked to enable it to work properly and not to simply remain an unimplemented idea.
One after the other, credit rating agencies are downgrading the credit ratings of those European countries affected most by the crisis or placing them on 'negative alert'. I am talking about Portugal, Ireland, Greece and Spain.
One aspect of this is to increase the effectiveness of supervision and control mechanisms for antibiotics in animals, as I mentioned in the debate held here less than a month ago.
One can also put a positive slant on this.
One cannot ignore the will of people forever.
One consequence of the proliferation of funds is that they are less visible, and thus citizens and interested parties are less aware of them; another is that this can lead to duplications or inconsistencies and thus reduce the overall impact of this policy.
One day, you should have a European budget that is strong enough to compete out there in the global world; the guys are going to be very tough out there.
One example is the Gdańsk Declaration, signed by President Kwaśniewski of Poland and President Rau of Germany.
One example is the principle mentioned earlier for adopting the constitution.
One expected the new Hungarian constitution - 20 years after the fall of the Communist regime and at a time when Hungary holds the Presidency of the European Union - to entirely reflect the most cherished values in the EU. Are these only political values? I admit that as a Liberal, I am worried about government eroding civil liberties and democratic control. I am worried about legislation turning a blind eye to diversity, and I am convinced that not all Hungarian citizens recognise themselves in the conservative image portrayed by the constitution.
One final question: tax evasion.
One final, brief point: in one area of a Member State which we, Mr Oettinger, are both very familiar with, the Committee on Petitions has the option in selected cases to apply a blocking procedure. I believe it would be a good thing for us to agree with the Commission and the Council that it is possible to put a freeze on proceedings if this is handled responsibly.
One important aspect is the digitisation of cultural productions, along with the need to create a proper single market for online content and services which will generate additional jobs.
One important aspect relates to the deregulation of services, especially with regard to modes 3 and 4. Services are particularly important for economic growth, both in India and the European Union, which must be reflected in the free trade agreement.
One in two Europeans uses the Internet, and the number of online purchases has doubled over the last six years.
One is on the debate on the content of the constitution, and the other is a debate about the debate; in other words, on knowing whether it is legitimate or not to make pronouncements on the content of the Hungarian constitution in this Parliament or in any other institution outside of Hungary itself.
One is the issue of the European patent. 23 Member States have already joined the enhanced cooperation and the Council is discussing the basic regulation now.
One is to all act alone, trying to reconcile spending and income, in some cases, according to what I have heard, worshiping austerity as an ends in its own right, making swingeing cuts to public spending and social benefits, thereby exacerbating the situation for citizens.
One last practical suggestion to the Hungarian Government.
One might argue over the odd square metre or other measurement, but in our view, the dispute does not concern vast areas.
One might say that the fate of Europe, today, at this historic moment, is in your hands, Mrs Ashton, and we are very much counting on this.
One more thing.
One necessary component of effective enforcement is that courts must be able, as an interim measure, to act immediately to order a disclosure of the debtor's assets and to freeze them.
One necessary component of effective enforcement of judgments is that courts must be able, as an interim measure, to act swiftly to order a disclosure of the debtor's assets and to freeze them.
One need only think of the register of interest representatives adopted by the European Parliament in 1996, or of the Commission's 2006 proposal to the European Parliament for a 'one-stop shop' register for lobbyists.
One objective to be achieved is the redistribution of European resources that have not been used in certain regions to other, more virtuous regions, but still in the same State.
One of its prerequisites, however, is to appoint competent authorities who can provide a strict control of nuclear waste management activities and can penalise violations in an appropriate manner, if necessary. I believe that national programmes must also clarify the competence of such authorities and the responsibility of market players.
One of the EU's objectives is the transparency of the Community acquis as a way of bringing Europe closer to its citizens, so that they can benefit from the specific rights that are given to them.
One of the additional instruments is, in fact, what Olli Rehn is proposing - a swap of bad bonds from some countries for a smaller package of AAA rated Eurobonds.
One of the areas that make the lives of the EU public difficult is the constant amendments to legislation.
One of the basic principles of the CPA was the establishment of democratic governments based on respect for diversity and basic freedoms.
One of the consequences of giving the EU full recognition of statehood is that they now can be addressed at length by Baroness Ashton and by Mr Van Rompuy as, respectively, the foreign minister and the head of state of the new entity.
One of the features of this instrument is that it gives the European Commission influence over whether the Member States are implementing the 2020 strategy or not, and so it is worth telling the truth. I would urge you to adopt this package, for a lack of agreement between the Council, the Commission and Parliament on this issue will...
One of the first European institutions, the European Danube Commission, was founded in 1856, with its headquarters in Galaţi, in Romania, its aim being to ensure freedom of navigation on the Danube. I call on the relevant Member States to give priority to the implementation of this strategy, thereby ensuring economic and social development for more than 120 million citizens living in this macro-region.
One of the fundamental objectives of the European Union is to link human and social development to economic development.
One of the goals of this policy initiative is to reduce the number of early school leavers and increase the proportion of people with tertiary education qualifications, the reason being that early school leaving runs counter to the dynamics and needs of the labour market and is also in direct conflict with Europe's economic and social sustainability in general.
One of the greatest difficulties we have is time - how much time to spend - and I want to make sure that we are using the best possible time in discussions with you.
One of the issues which has poisoned the debate is the decision on the British rebate taken in 1984.
One of the main causes of problems, however, is undoubtedly the lengthy decision-making on the projects themselves.
One of the main topics of the two-day discussion was the Russian embargo on EU vegetable imports as a result of the recent outbreak of a dangerous intestinal infection in Europe.
One of the matters that concerns citizens is that they are not sure of how legal systems operate in other countries.
One of the most controversial issues in this debate is whether or not to authorise the export of nuclear waste to countries outside the EU. I clearly supported the option of prohibiting exports to third countries, contrary to initial proposals. I also supported the proposal not to allow exports of waste other than for recycling, on the express condition that they should subsequently be imported back into the EU. This position was supported by a majority and I am glad of this.
One of the most important fields is strengthening our role and coordination in the United Nations system.
One of the most pressing challenges in the current economic climate is that of youth unemployment.
One of the priorities of the Europe 2020 strategy is the Youth on the Move initiative, the aim of which is to improve the results of our systems of education and make it easier for young people to enter the labour market.
One of the priority goals of European Union policy should be to introduce a transparent, clear, effective and high-quality regulatory environment.
One of the problems which the rapporteur highlights is the inefficiency of the administrative bodies responsible for employment policy.
One of the public's basic rights is to suitable means of recourse in the event that they have a claim against an individual or against a company that has caused them a loss.
One of the questions we are asking is: What is the Commission doing to further strengthen the particularly successful financial instruments in future for small and medium-sized companies? One of these successful instruments is the Competitiveness and Innovation Framework Programme (CIP). What will happen to CIP when the common strategic framework for research and innovation is developed? What opportunities will there be for small and medium-sized enterprises in this context?
One of the reasons is - and I turn here to the Council, and even though I know that the Hungarian Presidency is perhaps not the one to blame, you will have to be the messenger - that difficult decisions are constantly being taken in the form of small partial decisions because we cannot manage to resolve this problem all in one go. It is perhaps not so easy to do this either, and I understand that there is no simple and absolute solution, but the fact that we are constantly forced to take small and difficult partial decisions means that the political patience and the political will in Finland's Parliament, for example, is beginning to wear thin.
One of the speakers suggested that the European Structural Fund might perhaps be split away from the structural fund family, but we have no plans in this direction.
One of the strategy's major lines of action aims to guarantee Internet access throughout Europe by 2013 and high-speed broadband coverage of at least 30 Mbps by 2020.
One of the themes that came through very much in what all of the group leaders said - although Mr Tannock pointed out that his group had never been in favour of the EEAS - was the desire to see, if we have one, the unified approach. I agree. I do not lack any ambition for what Europe can be. What I have to deal with is the reality of what we actually are.
One of the things which really complicates the life of the ordinary EU citizen is reading and interpreting information about the indications or marks identifying the lot to which a foodstuff belongs.
One of the ways in which we can make improvements is to raise the level of consistency among the various instruments and policies, particularly in relation to the Europe 2020 strategy, so as to achieve a better synergy between the various funds, and thus to enable us to have a more results-oriented regional development policy.
One of them is my friend, Anatol Lyabedzka, a wonderful Belarusian and European, who only recently was released from prison after spending over 100 days under arrest, something which I am profoundly convinced was unlawful.
One of these measures, however, was also giving Directorates-General the ability to suspend payments for up to six months in justified cases.
One other point worth mentioning is that it offers potential for growth and provides jobs for around 5 million people in the EU. Unfortunately, my suggestion urging the European Commission and Member States to discuss the opportunities for creating specialist European and national funds, which would have provided resources for borrowing under soft terms for these industries, was rejected by a small margin during the vote in the Committee on Culture and Education.
One other question I have is about Cathy Ashton. I note her attendance at Commission meetings is very low.
One point was particularly important to me: if we go to our citizens with nothing to say other than 'we have increased automaticity', as the newspapers are putting it, they will be left with the impression that some mysterious machine has been turned on in Brussels and will rap them on the knuckles whenever something goes wrong.
One point which is particularly timely is that we have seen in recent years a migration of mackerel from common fisheries policy waters into Iceland territorial waters.
One reason for this is the extremely high cost of legal disposal and recycling; another reason is the over-bureaucratisation of obtaining legal licences.
One relevant example is cinematography, where European films, including a number of Romanian productions, have won prestigious prizes at high-profile festivals.
One should also consider that India has never protected GIs through a bilateral agreement, so this is the first time that they are discussing this with a partner.
One single party adopted this constitution, without public or professional consultations, and its draftsmen have dubious democratic legitimacy.
One step forward would be agreement on the proposal for a directive on a single permit which provides for a common set of rights for third country workers residing legally in a Member State.
One such violation which I have drawn the Council's attention to in a written question concerns the journalist Eynulla Fatullayev, who is still being held in detention, even though a decision was issued by the European Court of Human Rights for him to be released. I pointed this out then and I now urge the removal from the Criminal Code of the provisions concerning defamation, slander and insult (Art. 147-148). A recent report about Azerbaijan from Transparency International indicates that the government is not taking measures to combat corruption and that the independence of the judiciary is not guaranteed.
One thing I agreed to here, for the sake of compromise, was that the money that is being charged here for heavy goods traffic can be spent on rail transport or shipping.
One thing is clear. I would prefer jobs in the steel industry and steel production to remain in Europe with a 20% reduction in CO2 emissions, rather than see them move to Brazil, Malaysia or America, where the CO2 emissions levels would be 100%. Then we would have put our money on the wrong solution.
One thing is clear: as we have said, restructuring is not an alternative to the painful fiscal consolidation efforts that all the Member States have to make if they want to correct their imbalances in terms of deficit and debt.
One thing was absolutely clear.
One third of the Czech energy mix comprises power obtained from reliable nuclear plants. I believe that we will continue to strengthen our nuclear resources and that we will develop further nuclear power units in compliance with all of the critical safety and control parameters and requirements.
One very important point is that the partnership principle must be taken to a new and better level.
One was the speech by a Member from the United Kingdom of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe whose party is part of the coalition government in the UK. This party was opposed to nuclear power before the elections and supported it afterwards and this is the person who is criticising my thoroughness when it comes to the stress tests. I can only say that this speech would have been more appropriate at the party conference in London than it was here in Strasbourg.
One year on, therefore, in addition to Greece, another two countries in the euro area, Ireland and Portugal, have taken recourse to the support mechanism, as they are unable to secure the necessary financing on the markets.
One year will not give the space for the investment that is necessary.
Ongoing and constructive cooperation with third countries, involving both the European Union as a whole and the individual Member States, may serve as a source of good practices in terms of establishing the appropriate administrative capabilities. I believe that cooperation at regional and local levels and with businesses also yields good results.
Ongoing, well-structured dialogue between universities, research centres and businesses can enable a real link to be established between employers' requirements and the skills acquired during education and training cycles.
Online sales and e-commerce in Europe were worth EUR 163 billion in 2010 and the Centre for Retail Research predicts online sales in Europe will grow by 18.7% to EUR 202.9 billion in 2011.
Only Italy has asked us for a reallocation and we approved it. So why do you not try to persuade the Member States - the governments of your countries - to use the funds properly? If we really want to help, and if there is a problem with absorption of the funding, I am here to facilitate it for everybody, but until now, no such effort has been made.
Only a fully functional Galileo and EGNOS system will be an asset to the EU, in all its policies, not least in transport, in agriculture, in the fight against climate change, in the prevention of natural and man-made disasters, and in the area of science, technology and innovation.
Only a handful of champions of a federal Europe would like to hear it speak with one voice, yet diversity and diplomatic cooperation constitute the real value of Europe, whether within the United Nations or elsewhere.
Only an ambitious and joint approach can preserve the uniqueness of European culture.
Only by means of an open and honest investigation and through justice can the Sri Lankan people heal the wounds of a long and difficult conflict and continue their lives in peace.
Only effective synergy between them will bring about a reduction in unemployment. A comprehensive approach of this kind may also help to improve the access of potential beneficiaries to essential information.
Only if they become fully functional will the Galileo and EGNOS systems provide concrete benefit for all European Union policies, specifically, in transport, in agriculture, in the fight against climate change, in the prevention of natural and human disasters, and in the area of science, technology and innovation.
Only in cases where security interests require confidentiality will a lower level of transparency be permitted. I believe that the test criteria cover the main expectations and legitimate interests of the public in Europe.
Only in this way can these nations and societies become long-term parts of the global ...
Only last week I received another letter asking: 'How can I defend myself? I do not have the money for a lawyer, so I cannot take legal proceedings'. I believe that we must finally give the citizens of Europe an effective means of ridding themselves of this problem.
Only later does the business learn that it must pay a fee. I fully support this resolution, which calls on the European Commission to properly implement the directive on misleading and comparative advertising.
Only once we have the first implementation report in 2013 can and should we decide what other modules should be included, because we need to see how this new system develops and what impact it has on legislation.
Only six Member States currently have bilateral agreements with Canada covering product certification.
Only the Gaddafi regime is condemning at the moment 'the international conspiracy attacking Syria's national security', a statement which says a great deal about the situation in Syria.
Only the resolution tabled by my group, together with those by the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance and the Confederal Group of the European United Left - Nordic Green Left, offered a progressive vision of EU-India trade relations.
Only then can we be sure that we will not have to evacuate 100 000 people, this time within the territory of the European Union.
Only then will the Greek people accept they have got to make these cuts.
Only this way will we be able to create a Europe which the new generations will see as an opportunity and not as a millstone.
Only when Member States show true solidarity will there be a comprehensive common security and defence policy.
Only when corruption has genuinely been eradicated in European countries should we try reverting to the imperious recommendations granted to various countries in the resolutions adopted, unfortunately, by us.
Only when the citizens of Europe see that we are now acting effectively, that we have learnt from the mistakes we have made, will we be able to regain the trust that has currently been lost.
Only with an integrated vision which is focused on results and in line with the objectives of smart, sustainable and inclusive growth, will we be able to talk about strengthened effectiveness between the various Structural Funds.
Opening Europe up to new services and increased mobile traffic lays the ground for new opportunities for culture and content, broadcasters and public services within the framework of broadband while, at the same time, ensuring the same opportunities for broadcasting.
Opening the borders has been one of the European Union's greatest achievements. I am therefore delighted that Parliament has voted in favour of these two new States joining the Schengen area.
Operating costs have rocketed and are having a serious effect on fishers' incomes, to such an extent that the whole production sector and all coastal regions are now affected.
Operators often seek to benefit from inadequate inspections in order to get round the ban and smuggle the waste through other Member States where the inspections are less rigorous, as you said.
Opposition parties and non-governmental organisations continue to denounce attacks on human rights and the political repression which is rife there, not to mention the corruption of the regime in power.
Or will you approve the package nonetheless? In the light of this postponement I believe that this is an extremely important question for Parliament.
Or, conversely, someone from the Mediterranean travelling in northern Europe will consider that the forests in the area are man-made rather than natural, as they support heavy productive activities.
Organisations from the sector have made a number of requests for State aid to be granted in support of the sector, but they are completely unaware of the de minimis regulation.
Organising harmonised standards in the management of spent fuel and radioactive waste responds to a demand and a need to strengthen safety in this area. I was particularly pleased to see a proposal adopted that would go beyond the fundamental safety principles set by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) and impose the highest safety standards reflecting state-of-the-art practices at regulatory and operational level and best available technology (BAT).
Origin marking would facilitate consumer choice and contribute to reducing fraudulent, inaccurate or misleading claims of origin.
Originally, you proposed that the reverse qualified majority voting rule be applied in more than 15 instances.
Other amendments relate to, for example, requirements that Pakistan not create or abolish the restrictions it has on exporting commodities.
Other elements of interpretation are totally neglected, such as investment in intangible infrastructure, including know-how (people, processes and products, to mention just a few examples), and investment in tangible infrastructure, including communication and transport networks (ICT networks and road and rail networks, for example). In addition, GDP is not even suitable for identifying regions assisted by EU regional cohesion policy.
Other elements, such as ERD, FRONTEX and ITER may need to wait a little longer. I believe it is wrong to invite the Council to set negative priorities, in other words, cuts.
Other institutions could have a little more of this spirit.
Other matters which also need to be resolved include difficulties with obtaining visas, medical papers being in various languages and the portability of scholarships when going abroad.
Other proposals will follow in the coming weeks, and here I want to praise the work of Commissioner Malmström who, with great intelligence and sensitivity, is doing her best to find the right approach to this complex matter.
Other requirements include cooperation between the Member States and the drafting of a common position, inter alia, on the issue of savings and budgetary cuts.
Other sources estimate that around 200 000 people have already died from radiation-related diseases, and that a further 100 000 people may die from cancers caused by the Chernobyl disaster in future.
Other speakers will expand on what I have said, but I should like to emphasise two points: the first is simplification and the second is the response to the major challenges we face.
Otherwise the 2012 deadline, to which those same Member States have committed themselves, may well be missed.
Otherwise, however, the situation is more than worrying in Azerbaijan.
Otherwise, like the cynic in Oscar Wilde's nice definition, we will reach a position where we know 'the price of everything and the value of nothing'.
Otherwise, there must be consequences.
Otherwise, we will continue to hold debates in which we grumble about the fact that perhaps the French Government has taken an initiative about Schengen for internal reasons, or the Italian Government has refused to admit someone or other, or the Greek Government is still too weak to really be able to take responsibility for its own decisions.
Otherwise, we will have summits with no real content, and that would not be good either.
Our CFSP cannot tolerate division.
Our European institutions have suffered a major collective failure.
Our Parliament is calling for an increase in the share of the Structural Funds earmarked for this objective - from the current 2.5% to 7% - and I strongly support this position.
Our Union must share its bed with a bear.
Our adoption of this annual report reflects the strong position and role of the European Union in the field of international relations.
Our amendments in the Committee on International Trade have been successful, firstly, in ensuring that the Commission's powers are fully respected and, secondly, in stating that legal certainty should be guaranteed.
Our budget was not whiter than white, but greyer than grey and darker than dark and I am very unhappy about that.
Our call for a seven-year financial perspective which is expressed in a structure that reflects the objectives of the Europe 2020 strategy, while, at the same time, respecting all the policies for the European Union and avoiding increasing the European budget to unrealistic levels, must be seen to be reasonable.
Our cities are a central aspect of our key European objectives, although we must not ignore rural areas. I will never get tired of saying that if we are to improve energy efficiency we must begin in the cities.
Our committee took the view that the legal basis should be Article 153 of the Treaty, as this matter directly concerns health and safety.
Our common foreign policy must be based on cultural diplomacy as Europe's position in the world can be strengthened through culture, as an integral part of its economic, development and security policies.
Our concern, in this House and in the European Union, is with the people of Deraa where the UN has been refused access, in Baniyas where the crack-down continues, in Hama where the tanks have moved in. The Syrian people will not bow to tanks.
Our constitution, which has protected the right to resist tyranny since the famous Golden Bull, the Hungarian Magna Carta of 1222, included religious tolerance by virtue of the Declaration of Torda for the first time in Europe, was among the first to guarantee equality before law in 1848, and has one of the oldest parliamentary traditions in Europe, is a thousand years old.
Our country has fulfilled, albeit late, all the technical requirements relating to external border controls.
Our decision will send an unambiguous signal to Pakistan that we want to help and that we would like Pakistan to become a stable and rich country, which will prevent opinion becoming radicalised there. I believe that this Pakistan, as our ally, would also help to solve the deadlocked situation in Afghanistan.
Our demand is very simple, President-in-Office: as Parliament, as the body approving the discharge, we want access to all documents.
Our divergent positions on areas such as drug policy, fisheries policy and the production of oil from tar sands need to be set out in the agreement in such a way as to represent European Union policy while respecting the views of our trading partner.
Our economies are too interconnected for that, and I must say, therefore, that we have mixed feelings about what is happening.
Our evaluation of the situation, which has not changed, shows the need for comprehensive reform of the justice system and for measures to combat corruption.
Our fellow citizens in towns throughout Greece are shouting to be heard in Brussels, in Strasbourg, everywhere.
Our focus should instead be on tackling the unacceptable levels of error in spending highlighted by the European Court of Auditors.
Our founding fathers knew that crises exist in order to be overcome and to help us build solid foundations for the future, so today, 9 May, remembering the past, we are working on the present and looking forward to the future with hope.
Our future agricultural policy will decide whether or not Europe is self-sufficient in the future.
Our goal is very much to create an environment in which every young person will be able to realise their potential.
Our group abstained.
Our group considers that we need to focus more attention on the question of value for money and on those areas of the budget where we could actually cut back.
Our group did not sign or support this resolution, and we presented our own where we stated, among other things, the following: '1. Expresses its utmost sympathy for the courage and determination with which the Japanese people are confronting the catastrophes of 11 March and their terrible aftermath and calls on the Commission and Member States to help Japan with all means to rebuild its social and economic life; 2. Believes that the continuation and deepening of current trade relations between the EU and Japan can play an important role in this regard and calls on the Commission to concentrate all efforts on assuring this; 3. Regards the multilateral trading system, embodied in the WTO, as by far the most effective framework for achieving fair and equitable trade rules on a global basis'.
Our group supports Ms Muñiz De Urquiza in calling for greater visibility for the EU in the Human Rights Council.
Our humanitarian funding supports activities implemented by partners, UN agencies, the Red Cross and Red Crescent, and NGOs.
Our idea, and I hope you will agree with it, is that it should be the Commission that coordinates the exercise. I am actually very proud of the fact that it was the Commission, together with the High Representative, that presented the blueprint for our response immediately: a partnership for democracy in North Africa and the Southern Mediterranean and also a partnership for shared prosperity.
Our implementing partners have the authority to decide what the most appropriate food assistance needs are in any specific circumstance.
Our joint action is particularly important, as we face the need to decide on further action in North Africa, where tensions are rising, as well as in Syria and Bahrain.
Our joint assistance of EUR 78 billion shows the strong commitment to help Portugal and safeguard the financial stability of Europe.
Our main dilemma concerns how to increase humanitarian aid to the people of Madagascar, since we do not recognise the unconstitutional regime. I hope that in spite of this, such help can be effective.
Our message to the governments in Khartoum and Juba is that they should welcome the UN peacekeepers as friends and ensure their security.
Our objective is to be in a position to meet the challenges which, let us not forget, threaten the very existence of mankind on this planet.
Our objective is to promote labour and social standards and European corporate social responsibility outside the EU. This is a legitimate objective; however, I have certain reservations as to whether we shall be able to achieve this objective.
Our only option is to vote against.
Our plan, particularly in the second pillar of the common agricultural policy - including investment measures designed to enable farmers to modernise their operations - is to give them incentives to focus these investments in a way that seeks to reduce carbon emissions.
Our primary objective must be to ensure high-quality and sustainable food production in Europe and for our rural areas to be active and vital.
Our priorities are smart, sustainable and inclusive growth, support for research, development, growth, innovation and work, and a boost for the development of small and medium-sized enterprises. I believe that investment in these sectors is the only way that Europe can be brought out of the crisis. I am a supporter of the concept of European added value, and this added value must be achieved by means of the budget and financial planning.
Our production and manufacturing needs protecting, particularly at a time of economic crisis such as the one we are currently experiencing.
Our proposal was to make the goals that Europe set itself with the EU 2020 strategy not only binding, but as binding as each other and as binding as the rules on the budget or on deficits. I am disappointed that a majority could not be found in this Parliament to finally back this strategy and take it more seriously.
Our rapporteur has gone even further and organised off his own bat working visits to the countries, also accompanied by the shadow rapporteurs, so that they can see how both the command centres and some border points look technically.
Our report contains 174 paragraphs, all of them arguments for more Europe.
Our resolution rightfully raises the issue of the charges against the leaders of the political opposition, charges that look ever more selective in nature, and insists on a guarantee of the transparency of the investigations and of the judicial process.
Our response to a humanitarian crisis cannot be based on trade, especially considering that it is now one year on from the disaster and the urgency is not as strong.
Our role in the Mediterranean, in the Middle East and, hence, throughout the world, will become increasingly important.
Our task as Europeans is obviously to support democracy, human rights and freedom of opinion, all of which are core values.
Our two parliaments have an excellent relationship. A delegation from Parliament visited Indonesia just a few months ago.
Our views are that the case for the CCCTB, which is currently being denigrated in Berlin, is the sort of propaganda that came off the top of somebody's head.
Our vote on the economic governance package could be one of those historical turning points for this Parliament.
Out of the 740 000 people I mentioned today, some 50 000 are Libyans and it is their number that is growing, facing us with an additional challenge to help these people.
Outside trade and investment are essential for economic recovery. I doubt whether many external markets trust trade packages with the EU in the light of the failing euro and the Commission's botched attempts to save three of its Member States' economies.
Over 30 events are planned between now and the end of 2012 when this campaign will end.
Over many months, Members in the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection sought to reach agreement on important aspects of this regulation with the Council, in order that consumers may be better protected, without making businesses suffer from overly strict and unnecessary rules that would restrict business activity and increase bureaucracy.
Over recent decades, gross domestic product (GDP) has been the most-used unit of macro-economic measurement, and has started to be used most recently as an indicator of social development. A number of sociologists have been arguing, most recently, that this is not the best indicator as it does not consider aspects such as sustainability or social integration.
Over the coming years, we need to make use of the conditionality.
Over the last year, especially in the context of the response to the Haiti disaster, the Pakistan floods and today in response to Libya, we have built very strong and effective working relations with the EU military staff in the European External Action Service to the point that now EU military staff designate liaison officers as part of our humanitarian operation, so we can make sure that we plan and execute together as one.
Over the past few months, the Commission has carried out consultations on this matter with the Fund's most important stakeholders.
Over the past month, we have seen the Belarusian authorities repeatedly demonstrating their disdain and contempt for the fundamental rights of freedom of assembly and expression.
Over the past two years, the list of countries in which it has been possible to close down a business entirely within a year has remained the same. I would therefore suggest that the European Commission should become even more involved in efforts to ensure that the Member States implement these provisions.
Over the weekend and on Monday night, the Council tried to offer a final compromise on an outstanding issue of votes in the European Council.
Over the years, the Seventh Framework Programme (FP7) for research and technological development has become one of the largest research support programmes in the world and represents the primary tool of European Union research policy.
Over the years, we have adopted a large number of programmes and papers here, from the Lisbon strategy to Europe 2020, and many more.
Overall, I believe that the legislative package which has been presented is an appropriate response to the global crisis and the EU's current economic situation, building on the relevant legislation and complying with the Europe 2020 strategy and other strategic EU documents, and therefore I recommend adopting it in the amended version.
Overall, I welcome ENGOS and GNSS as they can make an important contribution to safety and environmental objectives and I believe adequate investment in the related research and development will be essential.
Overall, our relations have improved over the last two years.
Overall, this report marks an important step in the direction of securing the future of cross-border policy in the EU and will make it possible for the German-speaking community in Belgium, as a border area, to further strengthen and improve its partnership with the border regions.
Overall, we have found a compromise that many Members will be able to support tomorrow so that we can send out a clear signal as regards the new approach of this agricultural policy. A large majority of the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) will support this report.
Overarching frequency planning and management at European level is, without doubt, less appropriate for achieving this goal, as the Commission itself also stresses that this can be carried out well and efficiently in the individual Member States. A coordinating role would certainly be desirable, however.
Overturn the capitalist barbarity and the sovereignty of the monopolies.'
Pakistan's trade with the Union consists mainly of textiles and clothing products, which according to information from the Commission accounted for 73.7% of Pakistani exports to the Union in 2009.
Pan-European orders for the disclosure and freezing of fraudsters' assets are critical, because currently the fraudsters walk away while the victims lose out and face expensive legal bills.
Paradoxically, it now seems that national sovereignty is undermining the EU's global ambitions, as we saw recently over what happened in Libya.
Paragraph 36, Part 2, and paragraph 37 shall be put to the vote by roll call.
Pardon me. These people have risked their lives in making their way to Europe and they will also succeed in bypassing border crossings.
Parents are the first and most important teachers of their children, and thus the legal framework should not contain provisions which penalise parents for personally caring for their children, particularly in the early years.
Parliament acknowledges that all 'very important' recommendations issued by the IAS to the Agency were adequately implemented and closed, except the recommendation on validation of accounting systems, which was downgraded to 'important' as a result of its partial implementation; it calls, accordingly, on the accounting officer of the Agency to describe the methodology used in the validation of its accounting system; and it supports the idea of developing cooperation within the existing Inter-Agency Accountants Network in order to come up with common requirements and develop a common methodology for validation of the accounting systems in agencies.
Parliament agreed to revise their figure to EUR 110 billion.
Parliament also adopted a number of substantive amendments, including rules on origin marking, the indication of animal-derived materials, the use of language-independent symbols and a review clause.
Parliament also calls on the Russian Federation to demonstrate greater commitment in efforts to combat climate change, chiefly by reducing greenhouse gas emissions.
Parliament also considers that the identified disruption practices are not limited to a single action, but may represent continuous irregularities that constitute an alleged case of maladministration.
Parliament also particularly wants all meetings between MEPs and interest groups on a particular issue to be mentioned at the end of the reports. I regret that registration is not mandatory, but as the saying goes: 'Chi va piano va sano'.
Parliament also requests a full report on the implementation of the agreement and asks that its Members be kept informed during future renegotiation of the agreement so that they can have a positive bearing on the process of negotiation.
Parliament also welcomes the fact that the Authority has increased its number of thematic papers and policy briefings.
Parliament and the Commission are moving in the same direction when it comes to the main aspects of the future development of regional policy and I would like to thank you for this. I want to make it quite clear that during the discussion about the transitional regions we rather lost sight of the fact that we have so much in common in this area, including shared priorities and very substantial proposals for changes in the future direction of the policy, which will make it even more successful, sustainable and visible and more comprehensible and tangible for the citizens of Europe.
Parliament and the Council adopted the current decision less than five years ago.
Parliament calls once more on the Centre to set out, in a table to be annexed to the Court of Auditors' next report, a comparison of the operations that were carried out during the year for which discharge is to be granted and during the previous financial year, so as to enable the discharge authority to assess more effectively the Centre's performance from one year to the next.
Parliament congratulates the Authority for having set out, in the table annexed to the Court of Auditors' 2009 report, a comparison of the operations that were carried out during 2008 and 2009 so as to enable the discharge authority to assess more effectively its performance from one year to the next.
Parliament considers that the allegations presented to the European Anti-Fraud Office (OLAF) clearly affect the reputation of the Union as they refer to the internal functioning of one its institutions, the EESC, and relate to a serious malfunctioning by its secretariat.
Parliament considers this to be a sign of transparency and a best practice to be followed by all other Agencies.
Parliament has achieved a compromise with great effort, which I hope will be supported by the vote tomorrow.
Parliament has also successfully ensured that real progress is made on the interoperability of toll systems and that stronger incentives are given to use less polluting heavy goods vehicles.
Parliament has approved the Commission's budget spending for 2009, having obtained undertakings aimed at giving Member States more responsibility and improving control by national authorities of Union expenditure.
Parliament has been asked to waive the parliamentary immunity of our fellow Member, Mr Severin, as a result of criminal proceedings in which he is accused of defamation under the Criminal Code of Romania.
Parliament has been helping to ensure that positive steps towards intelligent debt management are taken.
Parliament has closely followed the functioning and impact of the instrument to ensure that the money is spent in accordance with these objectives.
Parliament has drawn attention to the problems and delays during the start-up phase and has called for its internal audit system to be improved. I see in this a signal of encouragement aimed at guaranteeing the long-term future and success of this undertaking in which the world's major powers are participating. I wanted to use my vote to reaffirm my confidence in this extremely ambitious scientific adventure, which is expected to have significant benefits.
Parliament has given a strong signal in its resolution on the EU-Canada trade negotiations that it will rigorously defend its legislation to ban seal products from the EU market. EU citizens demanded we take action to keep the products of the cruel commercial hunt out of the EU. Canada has no right to try and undermine the democratic will of European citizens by taking our clearly non-discriminatory seal ban law to the World Trade Organisation.
Parliament has just given its go-ahead for new rules on road transport charges, thereby making it possible to ensure the development and funding of a more suitable transport policy with regard to environmental requirements pertaining to pollution and noise.
Parliament has just given the Commission the green light to continue talks with the WTO but has insisted on restricting their duration and scope.
Parliament has long been calling for harmonised standards, and this report contributes towards a consistent legislative corpus aimed at ensuring safe management.
Parliament has received a request to waive the parliamentary immunity of our fellow Member, Mr De Magistris, who has been summoned by the Court of Benevento, on behalf of Mr Mastella, Member of the European Parliament, in relation to an interview which Mr De Magistris gave to an Italian newspaper, on 31 October 2009.
Parliament has received more than 400 petitions concerning widespread misleading business practices by business directory companies, affecting thousands of mostly small businesses in the European Union, with a significant financial impact.
Parliament has sent a clear message to everyone, and particularly to the Council. I therefore hope that this package will be definitively approved before the summer recess and, above all, applied as soon as possible, so that the European Union is not unprepared, as it was in the past, to rise to the challenges threatening its stability.
Parliament has taken a favourable view of the matter today.
Parliament hereby takes note of this communication and, pursuant to Article 7(1) of the Act concerning the election of the Members of the European Parliament by direct universal suffrage, and Rule 4(1) and (4), establishes the vacant seat with effect from 17 June 2011.
Parliament insists, however, that the incorporation of the EDF into the Union budget must not lead to any overall reduction in development spending with respect to the two current funding instruments.
Parliament is currently drafting a report on promoting professional mobility in the EU. The Commission representative who attended the meeting of the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs stated on 19 April 2011 that the Commission was preparing to revise and improve the regulation.
Parliament is mistaken in calling for automatic, more severe sanctions.
Parliament is of the opinion that, in view of the size of its budget and the complexity of its tasks, the Joint Undertaking should establish an audit committee, reporting directly to the Governing Board.
Parliament is ready to support the development of a CSDP that is fully integrated with the Union's external action and is rooted in the values and principles of Europe.
Parliament is thus able to monitor the whole process from the beginning, through the information given to it by the Commission, especially through the Directorate-General for Mobility and Transport, and to carefully appraise the agreements it is asked to vote on, whether they are horizontal, comprehensive or safety agreements.
Parliament must do the same, and the Council has even proposed that Parliament should also think about savings in this respect and that they need to be made.
Parliament must have the opportunity to defend the specificity of the EU's development policy in the post-2013 development cooperation instrument by scrutinising strategic programming decisions on an equal footing with the Council.
Parliament needs to send a clear signal to the Commission that a trade agreement should be fair and should not curb the policy space.
Parliament notes that the Court of Auditors revealed errors and anomalies in the evaluation of one open procurement procedure which affected its quality.
Parliament notes that this network connects national drug information networks, specialist centres in the Member States and the information systems of international organisations working with the Centre.
Parliament notes that, in the course of preparation of the Annual Report concerning the financial year 2009, the Court of Auditors performed an in-depth assessment of supervisory and control systems in the Court of Justice, the European Ombudsman and the European Data Protection Supervisor, which included the examination of an additional sample of transactions involving payments relating to human resources and to other administrative expenditure.
Parliament notes with satisfaction that the Court of Auditors does not comment on the level of carryovers and cancellations of appropriations in 2009 and that the discharge for the implementation of the budget for the Agency should be further based on its performance throughout the year.
Parliament ought to have a more in-depth debate on these issues, which is why I would like to provide more room for the discharge debate. I also have a positive view of the principle that the European Parliament should have a common air miles system to provide the benefit of cheaper air travel.
Parliament ought to have a more in-depth debate on these issues, which is why we would also like to provide more room for the discharge debate.
Parliament shares this view and, in this context, I have to say that we are deeply disappointed by the Council's approach.
Parliament should go further than 'requesting' or 'encouraging' the Commission to adopt a position and demand the creation of a legislative framework on CSR, with minimum standards that promote respect for the core labour standards advocated by the International Labour Organisation (ILO) in multinational companies and in the European Union itself, and include decent jobs and social clauses both in any bilateral trade agreements that the European Union negotiates and within the World Trade Organisation (WTO) itself.
Parliament specifically welcomes the Agency as a reliable provider of independent and assured environmental information for all Union institutions, the Member States and policy-making bodies.
Parliament therefore calls on the Agency to inform the discharge authority of the action taken in this respect.
Parliament therefore initially gave its verdict on the shape of the future European investment policy.
Parliament underlines that the Court of Auditors has stated that it has obtained reasonable assurances that the annual accounts for the financial year 2009 are reliable and that the underlying transactions are legal and regular.
Parliament underlines that the Court of Auditors has stated that it has obtained reasonable assurances that the annual accounts for the financial year 2009 are reliable, and that the underlying transactions are legal and regular.
Parliament wanted responsibilities as co-legislator and has carried them out to the full.
Parliament was the first EU institution to tackle the phenomenon of the growing number of interest groups at European level and, in particular, with the consequences of this development for the legislative process.
Parliament was the first European institution to broach the subject of the increasing number of lobbies at European level, having launched the register for representatives of interest groups in 1996.
Parliament welcomes the Agency's initiative of launching 'foresight' on the safety and health impact of technological innovations in 'green jobs' by 2020.
Parliament welcomes the Agency's pledge to improve the planning and monitoring of its contracts to avoid, in the future, the deficiencies reported by the Court of Auditors.
Parliament welcomes the Centre's initiative to run a computerised network for the collection and exchange of information called the European Information Network on Drugs and Drug Addiction.
Parliament welcomes the fact that the Court of Auditors found the Agency's annual accounts for the financial year 2009 to be reliable and regarded the transactions underlying them, taken as a whole, as legal and regular.
Parliament welcomes the fact that the Court of Auditors found the Joint Undertaking's annual accounts for 2009 to be reliable and the underlying transactions to be, in all material respects, legal and regular.
Parliament's Rules of Procedure, which were amended in May 2009, now provide for a new procedure for joint meetings of parliamentary committees whenever an issue does not fall clearly within the competence of a single committee.
Parliament's access to classified documents is one of the outstanding interinstitutional issues between the Council and Parliament that the Hungarian Presidency is aiming to resolve.
Parliament's answer to this Commission initiative was the report by the Committee on Constitutional Affairs on the development of the framework for the activities of interest representatives in the European institutions.
Parliament's approach was clear, which was to focus on the interests of consumers and of the citizens of the EU. Others were considering the interests of the meat and agriculture industries.
Parliament's approval of the directive on the charging of heavy goods vehicles is a step forward in the protection of European citizens' health, and a commitment to lessen the harmful effects of pollution caused by such vehicles.
Parliament's decision to postpone is due to the fact that in its report on the annual accounts for 2009, the Court of Auditors has qualified its opinion as to the legality and regularity of the underlying transactions.
Parliament's goal must be to prevent the intergovernmental method from being used, but we must look at things from an overall perspective and, without watering down the regulation, find solutions to ensure that the Commission's independence is guaranteed and that Parliament can be an actor and not just a spectator in the process, reaching a mutual agreement with the Council. I hope, in fact, that Parliament will reach a final agreement and approve the entire governance package as quickly as possible, in order to send a strong and unified message to the public and the markets and to stop speculation.
Parliament's key demand is the creation of an autonomous structure for carrying out impact assessments within Parliament, with a view to further enhancing the quality of its law making and creating synergies with the possibility of a common mechanism for all EU institutions.
Parliament's position was only sporadically reflected in the draft implementing measures submitted by the Commission to the DCI management committee.
Parliament's report on worker mobility therefore comes at the right time, and will certainly contribute to the debate on enforcement of EU law on free movement of workers and the choice of any further action on this issue.
Parliamentary elections held on 7 November 2010 were not sufficient to constitute meaningful progress in the democratic development of that country.
Parliamentary immunity does not cover ordinary criminal cases. Ágnes Hankiss can be tried without her parliamentary activities being called into question. I voted to waive her immunity.
Part of the EU 2020 strategy states that 'by 2020, all young people in Europe must have the possibility to spend a part of their educational pathway in other Member States'. The current economic crisis has badly affected young people, and youth unemployment rates in the EU are twice the average for adults.
Part of the overall process at the beginning of a funding period is to determine the programmes for the current period and to decide what funding is available for the individual programmes.
Participation in the work of the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction will help introduce the European Union's extremely important anti-drugs policy to Croatia.
Particular attention must also be focused on socially disadvantaged groups, who need to have fair access to vocational education and training.
Particular attention must be paid to migration.
Particular focus should be directed towards the formulation of regulation which ensures greater spectrum efficiency, better frequency planning and safeguards against anti-competitive behaviour and the taking of anti-social measures with regards to the usage of the spectrum.
Particularly at this point, Bosnia and Herzegovina and the city of Sarajevo need a sign that all is not lost and that Europe also supports their efforts.
Particularly important is its concern to ensure that 40% of those taking part in research are women, as this figure is currently no higher than 25.5%, and to recognise that 'Europe continues to lag behind the US and is losing the lead it had over the emerging economies'. The report also 'regrets that most of the scientific work carried out within the EU is still done under precarious working conditions'.
Particularly in the field of foreign, security and defence policy, transferring this sovereignty to a supranational institution is a brave and also a difficult move.
Particularly positive points in the report that has been approved are the proposal for a specific regulation on the prohibiting of building on land cleared by fires proven to have resulted from arson, and the request for suitable funding for forestry strategies, which is currently at a very low level.
Particularly the part allowing the introduction of border controls in the EU, even if they are only emergency ones and on a temporary basis.
Particularly worrying is the fact that according to 2009 data, the majority of discrepancies as regards antibiotic agents were found in honey, rabbit and farmed fish samples, in other words, products that are frequently considered to be valuable foodstuffs and are often used in Europeans' daily diet.
Particularly, I think the record of the European Union - because of the founding principles of Schuman based on peace and prosperity - puts us in a position in which large states worldwide could not be, because they might be seen to be using Sudan to exploit it for their own internal and external policies.
Parties should cooperate to establish an information-sharing mechanism, preferably coordinated by the Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO), in conjunction with other relevant multilateral and intergovernmental initiatives, and to facilitate the exchange of information with existing databases relevant to the agreement.
Partners should talk to each other frequently, they should try to achieve consensus where possible, but should not hesitate to openly address more problematic aspects.
Partnership is often an empty concept. I would therefore like it if we could provide cities with real support, and I therefore call on the Commission to place an obligation on Member States to involve the political representatives of the main cities and federations of local and regional authority bodies in all phases of decision-making within the framework of cohesion policy.
Pass over the usual paragraphs on the fate awaiting migrants, compulsory multiculturalism and the promotion of everything in the minority.
Patient questionnaires for outbreak investigations are being collected and compared by the ECDC.
Peaceful demonstrations in recent weeks have met with repression more common to an Arab than to a European country, from an 18-year-old regime which has slowly stifled hope of progress.
People are living until they are much older and will continue with their careers for much longer, and in order to be able to carry on in skilled work until they are older, they will also need to undertake further training.
People are waking up to your intentions and the time will come that you are exposed.
People have also objected to granting citizenship to people outside of Hungary, but in Ireland, we have had passport facility for people who are officially living in Northern Ireland, which is in the United Kingdom.
People have objected to some aspects of it, for instance, to the references to Christianity and to God, but this is nothing new.
People have talked very much about how this group of workers is particularly vulnerable. A lot of the work is done behind closed doors; it is invisible.
People inhabit them and make their public education, health and transport services, their trade and industry, and their cultural activities work.
People massacred by tanks and by snipers every day. 800 people killed to date. 8 000 people arrested to date.
People of all nationalities head there each year.
People want something that is new and for them, but it is significant. I agree with you about the support and the issues of debt.
People were talking about Minister Bossi, and there is also the Home Affairs Minister, Mr Maroni: both ministers are from this racist Lega Nord party, which has received the refugees.
People who are not subject to public control by voters, however good their intentions may be, cannot carry out surveillance over the heads of national political bodies or the highest national institutions.
Perhaps Europe should not, today, as in the days of ancient Rome, be defending itself along a Limes line, along the Rhine or some other place, but should be proposing a bold political vision, not just one concerning the problem of immigration, but a political vision.
Perhaps I would have done certain things differently, but it is Hungary's right to do things as it sees fit.
Perhaps a new Commissioner will have a new opportunity to take action in this area. I would like to ask you to take the problem seriously.
Perhaps it is time for the Commission itself, the European Financial Stability Facility and the International Monetary Fund to review the interest rates so that they can make it possible for there to be sustained growth in these countries that are currently in difficulties, by lowering these rates.
Perhaps it will not be enough, but it is essential in order to provide answers to the big questions that lie ahead: these resources are needed to tackle real problems, such as greater cohesion between the regions, a greater capacity for research and innovation, and a greater capacity to generate growth and provide jobs.
Perhaps it would still be possible to change this during the process of reaching a parliamentary decision by the end of June.
Perhaps some enterprising British citizens might like to meet the Roma as they disembark at Calais and Heathrow and give them the addresses and location maps so that they can find their way to the homes of our Prime Minister, his cabinet colleagues and all the MPs in favour of EU membership.
Perhaps such a new evaluation mechanism would help prevent some of the differences of opinion and lack of confidence in the current system which we are hearing not only in this Chamber but right across Europe at the present time.
Perhaps the Council should also understand its role as an EU institution rather than a mere gathering of 27 Member States.
Perhaps the only negative element of this report is that it envisages only the three working languages of English, French and German as the languages that need to accompany the request in addition to the original language.
Perhaps this difficult situation will make us aware of how important this area of issues and problems is, because it is one which concerns not just what our citizens eat, but the state of their health.
Perhaps we are forgetting that according to the latest United Nations estimates, 12 360 migrants have left Libya and arrived in Italy and Malta since last March, but already 700 000 people have fled Libya and Tunisia with the aim of crossing the Mediterranean.
Perhaps we could first finish the debate on the subject of the impact assessment - I believe Mr Baldassarre had asked to speak on the subject of my report - and then we can move on to the next report.
Perhaps, Commissioner, it is also time for the Commission, the Council and for all of us to reflect on Europe because not everything is resolved here, either.
Perhaps, the Commissioner could explain once again when the Office will actually be up and running.
Persisting in this course of action will inevitably lead to an intensification of the social struggle which has been raging throughout Europe, including Portugal.
Personally I think EU development policy might be superior to the trade and investment policy of the Union.
Personally, I also hope that we can achieve a little bit more than this and that we might also be able to have harmonised clothes sizes and use new technologies in our labelling of textiles in the future. I do think that we have achieved a great deal, however.
Personally, I am in favour of the request that funds not spent should remain in the European Union budget, but from the next Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF), because at the moment there is no legal basis allowing the Union to retain these funds.
Personally, I am particularly in favour of implementing the European tax on financial transactions as quickly as possible, if we cannot have an agreement at world level.
Personally, I hope this presentation will be geographically balanced in character, so that the culture of each of the Member States will be present in the right proportion.
Personally, I would be in favour of placing the main emphasis on development policy. I agree with the rapporteur that the transition to the new regime should not take place overnight but should play out within a predetermined transitional period, the duration and rules of which should be established in advance so as to avoid any legal uncertainty.
Personally, I would want the resources already in place to be used for this, and I would be pleased if that were the case. I find myself going from conference to conference, from Member State to Member State, like a living Tibetan prayer wheel, pleading the case for these resources - which are already in place - to be used.
Personally, at this particular moment, I advocate the need for very cautious yet favoured relations with China, through which we can assess whether, in addition to economic interests, it is also interested in getting to the heart of human rights issues.
Pillar one provides income support to farmers who have to respect cross-compliance - a concept that includes baseline obligations, some of which are relevant to climate action.
Pious declarations of good intentions about protecting jobs and workers' and social rights profoundly contradict statements about maintaining the Stability and Growth Pact (which has been called 'stupid'), including the toughening of sanctions against those countries with more vulnerable economies that have fallen victim to neoliberal policies, and the Euro Plus Pact.
Plaice fishing is important for my country, the Netherlands, but also for France, Belgium, England and Denmark. A few years ago, plaice stocks were very low, as a result of which duty-free importation of other flatfish was permitted.
Please allow me a few short words on economic governance and the 'six pack'. You have already heard the position of the Commission President and you will have a chance to discuss this issue in greater detail with my fellow Commissioner, Olli Rehn. I would underline only one element and that is the importance of having an agreement sooner rather than later, because time is pressing and we need our new tools in order to govern European economies in better and more reliable ways in the future.
Please believe me when I say that there are only two options; either these checks continue, which will mean that we can feel safer, or we dispense with them, in which case there can be no question of safety. I would also like to ask Members once again to take a positive attitude to the heightened checks, which I do not wish to have to abandon.
Please do not think it goes unnoticed or unappreciated.
Please forgive me, then, if I disagree with your approach on this point. I know that the task is a difficult one, but the European Parliament has, for several years now, supported the idea of moving towards an external representation of the euro area, especially within the International Monetary Fund (IMF).
Please learn the lessons, listen to what this institution has to say on the issue, and come back to us with a decent proposal.
Please make a distinction between Mr Oettinger, the former Christian Democrat, and Commissioner Oettinger.
Please take the floor and we will be flexible, but I obviously do not want to get to a point where nobody will hear you. I want you to be heard, and if we waste another five minutes, nobody is going to listen to what you have to say.
Please trust me to remain objective.
Point four: Russia is the neighbour of our neighbours, and I think Nizhny Novgorod would be an excellent opportunity to refer to the recently adopted ENP review document and, with reference to this document, to make sure that we are transparent in our policy vis-à-vis the neighbours we share with Russia.
Poland cannot afford to increase the target for reduction of carbon dioxide emissions to 30%. One solution would be for the Member States to join a CO2 emissions reduction club, on a voluntary basis. I would call for common sense to prevail during tomorrow's vote, against ambitions to reduce CO2 which are economically unfounded.
Poland is alarmed at the proposal by the rapporteur, Mr Eickhout, which covers many issues which could pose a threat to the European economy.
Police deployment is possible only in extreme cases, on the basis of a UN resolution, and in order to protect workers in the social, health and public service sectors, and to train the police.
Policies which are solely focused on austerity measures and exclusively encourage further cuts without any investment plans hinder job creation.
Political decision makers must therefore have at their disposal data that is both reliable and as exhaustive as possible on the modern world and the environmental situation.
Political power must always be in a position to judge the text and the context and to decide the extent to which sanctions are opportune and necessary.
Political repression is as rife as it ever was in the Soviet days, and Lukashenko's secret police - provocatively still called the KGB - are used as its enforcers.
Politically, the EU should insist more strongly that political parties in Madagascar rise above their obvious conflicts and agree on the road map proposed by the Southern African Development Community to overcome the crisis.
Politics is all about finding the best possible solutions to any problems that arise ... How can this be achieved, however, if the problems and their potential solutions are not fully understood? This is a fundamental issue in particular, but not solely, for environmental policy.
Poor economic statistics could be one of the reasons for the crisis.
Poor use is being made in Poland, for example, of money from the Cohesion Fund earmarked for public communications projects, such as railways, trams and the Internet.
Popular common sense says that 'travel broadens the mind'. It is from this perspective that I support the idea, defended in the Zver report, that the funding of young people's education and mobility is an investment in Europe's future, not an additional burden on the budget, this despite the current difficult economic situation.
Port State Measures are an important tool in the fight against illegal, unreported and unregulated (IUU) fishing. IUU fishing is an international criminal activity which is damaging our marine ecosystems, threatening our food security, and ruining the livelihoods of those in the legitimate fishing industry.
Port state measures to prevent, deter and eliminate illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing (
Portugal is capable of having a civil service that is more efficient and controlled.
Portugal is capable of reforming its banking system; it is capable of reforming its labour market; it is capable of making its tax system more competitive; and it is capable of using innovative measures to reform its health and justice systems.
Portugal will pay the European Union around EUR 3 billion in interest per year.
Possible market fluctuations must be tackled with counter-cyclical measures, which should be included in the first pillar and be capable of responding swiftly and automatically.
Potential for improvement at EP level: the main focus is the creation of an autonomous structure within the EP led by a supervisory board consisting of MEPs, possibly appointed at the beginning of each term, making use of the existing resources but also of seconded national experts. I abstained from voting because I do not understand on which criteria experts for the Advisory Board will be appointed and what power they will have. I cannot support the report.
Poverty reduction within and outside the EU, climate change, innovation, all good reasons for us to act at the EU level.
Pragmatism dictates that the implications of Bulgaria and Romania joining are profound for those way beyond the Schengen area. A leaky border will mean that many illegal entrants destined for the UK can reach Calais without hindrance, for example, and Bulgaria has not complied with its obligations on organised crime.
Pre-term birth is the number one cause of infant death and premature babies are far more likely to develop lifelong chronic illnesses.
Precisely because they are a common concern, it is the responsibility of all the Member States to ensure that the external borders are strong.
Precisely in order to facilitate the transition from one stage to the next, the directive introduced a 'flexibility scheme', allowing tractor manufacturers to place on the market a limited quantity of tractors with engines calibrated to the emission limits permitted during the previous stage.
Preparations for the European Council meeting (24 June 2011) (continuation of debate) 
Preparing forests for climate change (
Presenting the 25 000 immigrants who have arrived on this side of the Mediterranean as an unbearable burden sends the wrong sort of message: Germany has demonstrated that they are not; the Canary Islands and Spain have demonstrated that 30 000 arrivals per year from the African coasts were not an unbearable burden for the European Union.
President Barroso alluded to the 'six-pack,' and Vice-President Šefčovič mentioned the negotiations with Croatia and the different dossiers.
President Barroso reminded us that 'freedom of movement is to Europe what foundations are to a building'. Free movement is one of the Union's greatest achievements. I am delighted that Parliament has approved Bulgaria and Romania joining the Schengen area.
President I fear that these concerns have been exacerbated for political ends by certain factions here and elsewhere in Europe and I wish to make a clear stance regarding our future energy mix that is free from fear and panic and approaches the subject of nuclear energy based on science and evidence. I would like to thank the rapporteur and my friend and colleague Ms Edit Herczog for all their efforts on this.
President Medvedev could bring about a breakthrough here and end his Presidency with at least one demonstrable success.
President Medvedev is personally involved in improving the rule of law, but this is not enough, as you have just said yourself.
President Obama is committed to bringing to an end President Bush's outrageous legacy of running over international law in the name of national security.
President, I have voted on the JORDAN CIZELJ report in a way in which I believe was the most responsible regarding Europe's future energy concerns. I am referring to the fact that roughly 15% of the EU's current energy supply comes from nuclear energy.
President, honourable Members, let me first thank the Chair of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs Sharon Bowles, rapporteurs Corien Wortmann-Kool, Elisa Ferreira, Vicky Ford, Sylvie Goulard, Diogo Feio and Carl Haglund, as well as the shadow rapporteurs who all played a major part in the negotiations.
President-in-Office of the Council.
Prevention and correction of macroeconomic imbalances (
Prevention and correction of macroeconomic imbalances - Implementation of excessive deficit procedure - Requirements for budgetary frameworks of Member States - Budgetary surveillance in euro area - Surveillance of budgetary positions and surveillance and coordination of economic policies - Enforcement measures to correct excessive macroeconomic imbalances in euro area (continuation of debate) 
Prevention and correction of macroeconomic imbalances - Implementation of excessive deficit procedure - Requirements for budgetary frameworks of Member States - Budgetary surveillance in euro area - Surveillance of budgetary positions and surveillance and coordination of economic policies - Enforcement measures to correct excessive macroeconomic imbalances in euro area (debate) 
Prevention is the best cure, and I therefore firmly believe that the EU resources earmarked for Sudan should be allocated not only for humanitarian and development aid, but also for supporting democratic control and the rule of law, which are fundamental preconditions for implementing the basic human rights of the war-ravaged Sudanese people.
Preventive actions are crucial in this respect, as they allow for situations to be prevented without ex post actions having to be taken. I agree with the report when it supports the Commission's approach and extends the use of reversed qualified majority voting to block a Commission decision in the Council.
Previously, Parliament had only been consulted on such agreements.
Previously, we would have described the members of the governments of Russia and of Ukraine as friends, but the way in which Russia is now behaving towards Ukraine is far from fair.
Prime Minister Essebsi's speech on television may help as the country moves towards elections on 24 July, but he acknowledged the problems of a country where economic growth rates are down to between 0 and 1%. We have to ensure support to Tunisia, to its economy and its civil society, and that means thinking not just of the long term, not just of the importance of a new strategy, but of what we do now and how we support countries - Egypt, Tunisia and others - right now with the budgetary problems that they have.
Prior to the Lehman Brothers investment bank going bankrupt, it was given the highest rating by the main credit rating agencies.
Private investors are too often reluctant when it comes to funding SMEs.
Problems associated with vocational education and training are becoming a priority for us. People at the start of their professional careers may find that unemployment has a negative effect on their further activity in the labour market.
Problems with it being used for minor offences, the lack of legal representation in the issuing state, long pre-trial detention periods, the lack of bail for people who are not nationals of the issuing state, and bad detention conditions are all cited with reason.
Procedures must be improved, but I would also like to take this opportunity to call on all the Members of the European Parliament to understand that a certain level of discipline is required of us. I know that they are sometimes a burden, but if we want a Parliament which is both safe and open to the public, we must carry out checks, although I know that Members and I myself are sometimes irritated by them.
Procedures should be automatic so that we do not have the same experiences that we had with the old Stability and Growth Pact. I think that there is only one way to get out of the crisis; there are no shortcuts.
Producers are turning away from growing vegetables, which involves changing production to something else, and this, in turn, means worker layoffs.
Products are developed with deliberate weak points which shorten their useful life and increase consumption, such as laptops and smart phones.
Products originating in Albania, the Republic of Croatia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia or Montenegro continue to benefit from the provisions of Regulation (EC) No 1215/2009 when so indicated or from any measures provided in the same regulation which are more favourable than the trade concessions provided for in the framework of bilateral agreements between the European Union and these countries.
Professionals everywhere are telling me that they are concerned about the rise in oil prices. I want us to act together to ensure that businesses can carry out their work despite the rise in operating costs.
Professor Lieblová is in Strasbourg accompanied by 28 students from Prague and Hamburg, who have worked together on a two-year project researching the transfer of Czech forced labourers from Hamburg to Theresienstadt concentration camp.
Programmes such as 'Youth in Action' and 'Lifelong Learning', which have a very low cost per beneficiary and are extremely effective, should therefore be maintained as a separate element of future multiannual financial frameworks, and these programmes also deserve significantly more funding.
Progress this month in solving the Transnistria conflict would be another positive step.
Progress varies significantly between countries and across themes: certain strategic areas are facing particular delays in project selection.
Projects such as this can create new impulses for cooperation, the implementation of which will bring benefits not only to Europe, but also to Ukraine, Russia and many Asian countries.
Promoting labour standards through the EU's negotiations with third party countries benefits both the Member States and the third party countries.
Promoting mobility, entrepreneurship, creativity and innovation is an objective necessity and should be encouraged by the EU, as the report points out. I agree with this report and I voted for it.
Promoting smart, sustainable and inclusive economic growth necessarily implies the best possible opportunities and chances in education and training.
Promoting these industries will create significant new opportunities for regional development, local partnerships and possible partnerships with the private and public sector.
Proof of origin for certain textile products (
Proper inspection and enforcement of greening measures will also be impossible.
Proportionality, protection and redress are the key to reforming this tool.
Proposals to this end have been made in the context of the Quality Package, including reducing the time for the Commission to scrutinise applications received to six months and reducing the objection period to two months.
Protect your nationalities and minorities, for instance the Roma, with strong, collective rights, just as the new Hungarian constitution does, uniquely in Europe.
Providing European companies with access to India's public procurement markets may contribute to our companies' development.
Provision has also been made to distribute aid more evenly, bearing in mind that, for historical reasons, farms in the European Union have very diverse structures. I fully support the paragraph calling for the new CAP to be equipped with the instruments necessary to limit price volatility. I will conclude by mentioning the most common form of agricultural production in my region, olive oil production, and the measure that we are awaiting from the Commission: an updated private storage system and the introduction of private storage.
Provision has been made for payments to farms, account has been taken of production output and costs, and payments have been simplified.
Public acceptance and understanding are nowadays an integral part of EU policy and form the basis for the EU's functioning.
Public budgets have been cut and, as such, private funding should be mobilised in order to finance the forthcoming Eighth Framework Programme for research. I therefore approve of the rapporteur's proposal to increase the participation of industrial groups and small and medium-sized enterprises.
Public contracts also play a key role in the Europe 2020 strategy, and are one of the instruments to be used to achieve the proposed goals.
Public environment authorities have a key role to play here and should be properly equipped to put it into effect.
Public participation fosters agreement and involvement, leading to the social legitimisation of radioactive waste management strategies.
Public procurement is of crucial importance, especially for overcoming the financial and economic crisis and protecting against any future crisis, because it serves as a catalyst for the revitalisation of the EU economy, and consequently employment and welfare.
Public procurement policy should ensure that public money is used as efficiently as possible, and should keep public procurement markets open, thereby contributing to the relaunch of the EU economy, to job creation and to welfare.
Public procurement provides a unique opportunity to channel investment into projects for the common benefit of citizens whilst, at the same time, achieving wider public policy objectives. I would like to underline the importance of public procurement contracts in promoting environmental standards in buildings and transport, and the potential that this has to improve energy efficiency and therefore reduce carbon emissions, operating costs and air pollution. I urge the Member States to use public procurement contracts to pursue these objectives, which will have wide-reaching and long-term social, economic and environmental benefits.
Public procurement represents 17% of the EU's GDP, an enormous potential market for innovation.
Pursuant to Article 207(1) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU), the EU has competences in respect of foreign direct investment (FDI), as this type of investment is directly related to the new common commercial policy.
Pursuant to Article 207(1) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU), this is the exclusive competence of the European Union, as it relates to matters of foreign direct investment.
Pursuant to Articles 21 and 41 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, the European Parliament could not fail to take advantage of this session to push its positions on a number of subjects: not least, the role of the EU in the UN system; the EU and global governance; peace, security and justice; development; human rights; and climate change. I therefore agree with the rapporteur's proposals mentioned above, as well as with the need to foster a debate on the role of parliaments and national assemblies in the UN system, and on creating a UN parliamentary assembly.
Pursuant to Rule 6(3), these requests will be sent to the committee responsible, the Committee on Legal Affairs.
Pursuit of the objectives of European cohesion policy is undoubtedly moving in the right direction in many areas, although at this stage there are already some lessons which can be learned from its progress to date for the construction of the future priorities of European cohesion policy.
Pushing for data exclusivity in any form is a problem, no matter how it is done.
Qatar was awarded it and subsequently we saw people suspended for trying to sell their votes. I wonder whether this is the tip of the iceberg.
Quality early years education can help reduce early school leaving, combat educational disadvantages faced by children from disadvantaged social and cultural groups and reduce the resulting social inequalities, all of which affect society as a whole.
Questions regarding Pakistan are never entirely free of controversy, even those regarding aid following a natural disaster.
Quite apart from the fact that this puts the imported labour force in a worse position than that of the host country, it also contributes to social dumping.
Quite often, it appears that whatever the problem, the answer seems to be from this place more EU and more regulation.
Quite the opposite.
Radio frequencies serve the public interest in a wide range of areas in the Member States.
Radioactive radiation does not stop at national borders.
Radioactive waste is produced all over the European Union, including isotopes used for medical, industrial, agricultural, research or even educational purposes.
Raising the reduction target by a further 5% or 10% will cause many Polish companies to collapse, and we cannot allow this to happen.
Rapid alert, tracking and tracing have all worked.
Rather than assessing quality of life and the environment on the basis of impressions, we need to come up with better data and better methods of data collection and aggregation so that they deliver an improved service in gauging, for example, the environmental impact made by policies and economic activities.
Rather than focusing on all the other stuff we focused on this week, let us make sure the EU works better.
Rather than pushing for more legislation in the area of immigration and migration, we should be making the legislation that we already have work better and harder for all the citizens of the Union.
Rather than solving the problem of pollution, this directive exacerbates the inequality between Member States by placing a greater burden on outlying countries such as Portugal, which are exporters but are not crossed by major transport routes. I voted against for these reasons.
Rather than suffer a brain-drain as its best and brightest people seek economic migration, what Tunisia requires is EU financial assistance for economic development programmes promoting work for the young and the unemployed.
Rather, it is proof of the complex situation in Egypt. I therefore believe that close monitoring by the European Parliament - especially through Commissioner Ashton's statement - is absolutely necessary.
Rather, this procedure must be based on thorough economic analysis, through in-depth reviews investigating a broad range of economic factors.
Ratings allow issuers to assess global and domestic markets, reducing information costs and widening the potential pool of investors, and this provides markets with liquidity and helps to set prices.
Reaching a decision before the summer is crucial to restoring confidence in the euro, given that the Stability and Growth Pact was being broken as early as 2003.
Rear-mounted roll-over protection structures of narrow-track wheeled agricultural and forestry tractors (
Recent developments in the area are raising concerns as regards compliance with the terms of the recent referendum on the independence of South Sudan, while the escalation of violence in Abyei, which is threatening to cause general destabilisation in the area, is a negative development.
Recent events have shown that the various Stability and Growth Pacts did not have the desired effect: instead, several Member States have faced severe problems meeting their obligations and have risked increasing their public debt.
Recent events in North Africa and Asia show that the European Union needs to strengthen its foreign policy and the alliances in which it participates.
Recently a few European leaders were quick to celebrate the triumph of democracy and the death of the dictators of the Arab world - a victory of European values.
Recently, Politehnica Timişoara, who finished runners-up in the Romanian league championship and were due to play in the Champions League, have been relegated to Romania's third division based on a completely random decision.
Reciprocal access to both sides' procurement markets would not only mean savings for public budgets but also provide huge business opportunities.
Reciprocal investment in the two economies is worth EUR 200 billion a year: the EU is Japan's third largest trading partner and, in turn, Japan is the sixth largest trading partner for the EU. The report also calls for an assessment of any negative impact that such decisions might entail, but we certainly think that the removal of barriers to trade and investment can only be positive.
Recommendations include the launch of genuine investigations by the government of Sri Lanka and the establishment of an independent international mechanism by the UN Secretary-General.
Recycling and prevention of waste, air emissions and climate change, as well as sustainable consumption and production, would be monitored much more easily if high quality data were available about the interaction between environmental and economic factors.
Recycling and prevention of waste, air emissions and climatic change, and sustainable consumption and production, could be monitored much more effectively if high quality data were available regarding the interaction between environmental and economic factors.
Recycling and the prevention of waste, air pollution and climate change, as well as sustainable consumption and production, could be monitored much more effectively if high quality data were available regarding the interaction between environmental and economic factors.
Recycling and waste prevention, air emissions and climate change, sustainable consumption and production could be monitored much more effectively if high quality data were available regarding the interaction between environmental and economic factors. I abstained from the vote on this document because I do not believe that such information can be gleaned purely from environmental accounts.
Recycling, air emissions, climate change, sustainable consumption and production must be monitored continuously in order to achieve progress in these areas across the whole of Europe. A system for preparing environmental economic accounts is one of the measures that would aid the collection and compilation of data regarding air emissions, environmental taxes applicable to various economic sectors and macro-economic material flow accounting.
Reducing European farmers' capacity and hampering their competitiveness and viability with a weak CAP budget would be counterproductive and short-sighted.
Reducing and simplifying the rules and making fair, open trade simpler can only improve its relations with Europe.
Reference is also made to the huge importance of ensuring that the education provided meets the needs of the labour market and provides the skills and knowledge needed by the young people of Europe.
Reforms should be implemented at national level as soon as possible to enable the creation of centres that cooperate well and to avoid duplication of work on the same projects.
Refusing to test the sovereign debt held on the whole bank balance sheet will not restore confidence.
Regarding Neighbourhood Policy towards the countries on the doorstep of the Union, I think this is the most important part of your portfolio, Lady Ashton.
Regarding cooperation on global public goods, the Commission would point out that, in general, this may meet the criteria of official development assistance (ODA) and the EU should therefore continue financing ODA-related cooperation on global public goods under the Development Cooperation Instrument (DCI). Nevertheless, a separate partnership instrument will concentrate on cooperation of EU interest and will be complemented by a thematic programme addressing civil society organisations and local authorities.
Regarding point 27 of the report, this point again makes a very precise reference to a real problem. A leading university lecturer recently shared his view with me that, in actual fact, Bulgarian universities are not aware that there is also an Erasmus programme for teachers.
Regarding the Danish Government's plan regarding controls on the Danish internal borders, which Ms Koppa referred to, you will, of course, be aware that the President of the Commission wrote to the Danish Prime Minister immediately, pointing out that the first analysis by the Commission raised major doubts about whether the proposed measures would be in line with Denmark's obligations under European and international law.
Regarding the ESM, we are now in the process of establishing it. As you know, I hope the governments will very soon agree on that and so I hope that there will be a political decision in the European Council confirming the decisions regarding the European Stability Mechanism and, of course, you know what our position is.
Regarding the Euro Plus Pact, most of the Member States participating have presented commitments amounting to more than a hundred separate measures in total.
Regarding the Marshall Plan, I think what General George Marshall did with the initial USD 13 billion that he got from Congress in 1948 is an extremely good model.
Regarding the Pieper report, Madam President, allow me to say a word on paragraph 55 relating to the Globalisation Adjustment Fund, the content of which I dispute and which should not have a place in our debate.
Regarding the Southern Neighbourhood: the European Council is expected to endorse the new approach to relations with the EU neighbours which was agreed at Monday's Foreign Affairs Council.
Regarding the chapter on public works contracts, lastly, Canada must grant the EU the same access it granted the United States under their trade agreement; in other words, European businesses must be able to tender for contracts in the provinces, regions and certain municipalities.
Regarding the debate on foreign, security and defence policy, the Europe of Freedom and Democracy Group has requested that the statement on the situation in Syria and Camp Ashraf by the High Representative and Vice-President of the Commission should include the Coptic Christian community in Egypt.
Regarding the discharge in the European Parliament I should like to say that improvements in management can be discerned under the current Bureau and the present Secretary-General. I would like to expressly acknowledge the PPE Group's part in these improvements.
Regarding the euro area, as you say, there are discussions ongoing between the Member States, the Council, the Commission and the European Central Bank on achieving the best possible comprehensive response.
Regarding the governance cycle and the surveillance procedure, we fully respect the very important role of relevant national stakeholders, including social partners.
Regarding the issue of a harmonised bank resolution framework, that is precisely what we are working on, Mrs Ferreira. I can confirm to you that we will be presenting our proposal before the end of the summer, and that we will be relying in a very real and sincere way on many of the proposals you have made.
Regarding the rights of the defence, I would like first to remark that, unlike extradition, the European Arrest Warrant is a fully judicial system which, in itself, is already a major guarantee. A European Arrest Warrant is always based on a judicial decision in the issuing state and can be executed in the executing state only through a judicial decision.
Regarding the situation in Madagascar, the European Union may give its support to a process of reconciliation, but it must do so without intervening or interfering in matters which only the Malagasy people can decide.
Regarding your question, I was saying to you that these austerity measures will be observed by the Portuguese people and that, although it is a tough, onerous package, we will do everything to increase economic growth, create more employment and escape these difficulties.
Regardless of a project's value, I think that there must be some reason behind errors in funding and in the implementation of funds. I am very concerned by the growing discrepancy between commitments and payments, which means that there is a growing pot of money that the Member States are apparently unable to spend.
Regardless of future changes to how the Union is represented within the UN, and in the Security Council - a debate which is still open - in particular, there is increasingly a need to join up the efforts of European countries so as to, alongside the Union's representatives overseas, encourage a collective capacity for intervention and influence.
Regardless of the external dimension, cross-border cooperation programmes should not be pursued under the regulations for development aid.
Regardless of the process of this country's accession to the EU, its development and ultimate outcome, it is proposed that it will participate in the EMCDDA, given that it is making an effort in terms of investigating and prosecuting drug-related crime.
Regional funding is not a gift from Brussels, but meagre remuneration from the billions the UK pays in. Public consultations on the fifth report on cohesion policy reveal an overall desire to pull away from the Brussels-dictated policy.
Regional policy has had many successes during its long history and in 2009 it became the European Union's main item of expenditure, with EUR 350 billion invested in our regions between 2007 and 2013.
Registered entities will also have to declare their sources of income and interests, as well as legislative proposals submitted.
Registration should be mandatory not only for these organisations, but also for all groups outside Parliament, including those which are meant to fulfil a role provided for by the Treaties (trade unions, churches, philosophical organisations, local authorities, etc.), including groups composed, in part or in whole, of Members of Parliament, such as the European Friends of Israel, because in that instance, they are acting as interest groups and not as parliamentarians.
Regrettably, Directive 2006/114/EC concerning misleading and comparative advertising, which applies to business-to-business transactions, fails to provide a sufficiently effective remedy or is inadequately enforced by Member States.
Regrettably, early indications suggest that the Russian leadership has learnt nothing from the ruling by the European Court of Human Rights that there were no grounds for dissolving the Republican Party and apparently does not wish to allow the newly established People's Freedom Party to be registered.
Regrettably, in the area of external relations, the country currently holding the Presidency cannot shape a programme for foreign affairs, common defence or security, and thus, my fellow Members, you have no other choice than to support Mrs Ashton's work, which is starting with great difficulty.
Regrettably, not only is Directive 2006/114/EC on misleading and comparative advertising failing to obtain the hoped-for results, but the victims are, in particular, elderly individuals, small and medium-sized businesses and even charitable organisations.
Regrettably, these issues are forgotten further on: the proposals necessary to correct these situations are not made.
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on CRAs was adopted as a first reaction to the financial crisis.
Regulation (EC) No 1541/98 and Regulation (EEC) No 3030/93, which were initially adopted in order to implement trade policy measures in the textile sector, have now become obsolete instruments that constrain the free market and are poorly adapted to changes in the new regulatory environment.
Regulation (EC) No 1541/98 was aimed at introducing requirements for the presentation of proof of origin for certain textiles originating in third countries to which the quantitative restrictions on imports applied.
Regulation (EC) No 1905/2006 establishing a financing instrument for development cooperation has been in operation for four years now.
Regulation (EC) No 1905/2006 has been in force for four years and it is time to analyse it and learn from any potential errors and/or shortcomings that may exist, since the Commission is aiming to submit proposals before the summer relating to the Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF) for the post-2013 period. I support the rapporteur's proposals - not least, achievement of the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs), the eradication of poverty, the channelling of 20% of resources into health and primary education, particular attention to climate issues, a new approach to aid in developing countries that demands respect for human rights, and the more efficient and effective use of scarce resources - so I voted in favour.
Regulation (EC) No 1927/2006 of the European Parliament and of the Council, of 20 December 2006, established the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund (EGF) with the aim of supporting workers who lose their jobs due to structural changes in the context of the global economy.
Regulations that do not provide sufficient scope for forward-looking investments and sound growth cannot be sustainable in the long term.
Regulatory convergence among the European Parliament's relevant committees, reciprocal recognition of safety and security standards and ensuring the highest possible standard for international air transport agreements provide benefits to passengers and freight operators, in logistical and economic terms, as well as to airlines.
Reinforced economic governance in Europe is simply too important to fail on this final remaining issue.
Reiterating the position that human rights need to be firmly mainstreamed into EU foreign policy, I believe that the new institutional structure of the EU, with particular reference to the EEAS and its dedicated department, offers an opportunity to enhance the EU's coherence and effectiveness in this area; urge the VP/HR to proactively pursue, through bilateral relations with third countries and active participation in international fora, the engagement of third countries in respecting human rights as well as to speak up against human rights abuses and not to refrain from taking adequate measures if they are violated; considering the growing grave violations of freedom of belief, call upon the Commission to conduct a thorough evaluation and to mainstream freedom of belief into the EU human rights policy.
Relations between Poland and Germany are constantly improving, one example of which is the growing volume of trade between the two countries.
Relations between the European Union and Mauritania are very important for the European Parliament. I am convinced that the fruitful dialogue between Members of the European Parliament and Members of the Mauritanian Parliament can contribute to enhancing these relations and also to developing new areas of cooperation between the EU and Mauritania.
Relations with Canada have long been profitable for both parties and, in commercial terms, are of mutual interest and involve good cooperation.
Relevant issues justifying close monitoring by the EEA include assessing the state of the environment; identifying environmental trends, including the social and economic factors that environmental pressures are based on; monitoring environmental policies and their effectiveness; and predicting future trends and problems.
Relieving the sector's situation in the short term, with measures like that proposed by the Commissioner of mobilising and encouraging the mobilisation of the European Fisheries Fund, seems positive to me, and I believe it should be compatible with other measures and long-term action toward greater stability.
Relying on each other's certification systems means strengthening the security of the system, saving on time which would otherwise be lost through duplicating all the assessments carried out by the exporting authority, and guaranteeing benefits for aviation companies thanks to the possibility of using each other's repair and maintenance facilities.
Remember that this EU budget is still lower in relation to the Member States' economies than it was when Sweden joined in the 1990s, for example, despite enlargement from 15 to 27 Member States.
Removing internal borders does not guarantee freedom of movement for European citizens; rather, it creates insecurity and produces unmanageable population and migration trends within the EU, both in the countries of origin and of destination.
Renegotiation of the EU budget will impact on how the Union operates in the coming years and on the programmes it can afford.
Repeated violations of human rights, the harassment of politicians, religious people and civil society, frequent arbitrary arrests, the looting of churches and the intimidation of the press are everyday occurrences in the country.
Replies came from all countries of the European Union and beyond. I believe that this has shown the great interest that Europe attaches to research and innovation as policies for our future growth.
Report: Zver - Youth on the Move: - a framework for improving Europe's education and training systems - Report: Honeyball - Early years learning - Report: Schaake - Cultural dimensions of EU external actions - Report: Sanchez-Schmid - Unlocking the potential of cultural and creative industries - Sarajevo as a European Capital of Culture in 2014 (debate) 
Representative democracy can function only when citizens communicate with their elected representatives and ask them to promote their interests.
Representatives of the European Union will be able to speak at the General Assembly and submit amendments agreed by the Member States of the EU. This is a joint achievement of the Member States, the Commission and Council, but also of the European Parliament.
Request for waiver of parliamentary immunity of Mr Adrian Severin (
Requests for: 1. Reporting through National Forest Programmes to be enhanced and SFM to be better implemented throughout the European Union. 2. The immediate adoption of legislation on forest fire prevention as well as on forest information taking into account climate threats and the need for collection and dissemination of comparable data.
Requirements pertaining to the rules and procedures that form the budgetary framework urgently need to be standardised, in order to ensure similar social protection benefits and to fight social exclusion.
Research and innovation are central to smart, sustainable and inclusive growth, so investment in R&D is the best possible response.
Research and innovation are what will help us escape from the economic deadlock which we are in at present.
Research carried out in the EU has shown that seven out of ten Lithuanians would still like to know more about their rights when purchasing airline tickets online or when facing additional credit charges.
Research funds can only be allocated according to the principle of excellence.
Research is an essential component of the world of knowledge and, in a globalised economy, it is certain to bolster growth and employment levels in the European Union.
Research of this kind would also improve the knowledge that mankind has about the effects of radiation on health.
Researchers themselves must have the freedom to select the most important areas of research, and, in particular, the programme must be flexible enough to be able to deal with the challenges of tomorrow.
Reserving spectrum for new entrants may be an appropriate tool in certain cases, but with a view to avoiding unnecessary procedures; we would then be close to each other.
Resistance to antibiotics is a serious problem affecting the livestock industry, so I share the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development's concerns on this issue and agree with its proposals, not just to reduce animals' resistance to treatment with antibiotics, but also to encourage other means of combating animal diseases that do not necessarily involve the use of antibiotics.
Resistance to antibiotics represents an enormously serious problem which must be resolved immediately and effectively.
Resource and food prices are also rising, at least if you disregard the most recent ups and downs.
Resources are needed, because we know the problems and dangers that are occurring there.
Respect for International Labour Organisation standards, the principles laid down in the European Social Charter and social dialogue are just some of the areas that can be discussed on these occasions. I believe that the report we have adopted offers sound backing for these objectives.
Responding adequately to children's needs necessitates the defence of improved maternity, paternity and parental leave conditions, thereby putting both parents at the very heart of their children's education.
Responsibility for the future of Europe and for security and defence, of course, lies primarily with the European Council, its members and also its President, who represents the Union in matters of foreign and security policy at that level.
Responsibility for the matter must not be split between several committees and, finally, the practical implications of applying the Rule for the ongoing legislative procedure must be determined.
Restoring internal border controls is not solidarity, it is punishment.
Results can only be improved through continuous self-criticism, which will enable the correction of all trajectories that deviate from the objectives set by the EU. Since the Committee on Budgetary Control proposes the adoption of this discharge, I agree with the rapporteur's recommendations and am voting for this report.
Retaining the two-pillar model guarantees that farmers will continue to receive a fixed amount in the future that they can rely on. These payments are important for long-term planning.
Reverse qualified majority voting in the preventive phase of the Stability and Growth Pact is absolutely essential as far as we are concerned.
Revising the mechanisms for applying the Schengen acquis must not be seen as an excuse to limit at will the right to free movement, but rather as a stimulus for new opportunities.
Right from the start, I was not particularly happy about the Commission's proposal, under pressure from the Council, to use foreign trade instruments of all things in order to provide short-term aid for Pakistan. I brought this up several times in committee and asked in particular for the person responsible for foreign policy in the European Union, namely our High Representative, to also come to the committee or to Parliament in order to explain why foreign trade should have to be used to pay for this, to present to us in detail the overall strategy of the European Commission and put this in a common context and, in so doing, perhaps convince us that it really does make sense - I will say this again - to allow foreign trade to make a short-term contribution in this regard.
Right now, Russia is once again attempting to use the issue of energy and energy prices as a political weapon.
Right now, these are directed at the EU budget, among other things.
Right now, we are calling on Russia to respect obligations it has undertaken in the context of the Council of Europe, the United Nations and the OSCE regarding free and fair elections, and to cooperate well with ODIHR to ensure appropriate monitoring.
Right-wing governments are trying to push through a number of economic policies that cut deficits in the short term but provide no hope for economic growth in countries in the long term.
Rigour in terms of information means there is a need for equal rigour in accounting. I hope the monitoring centre will not desist from truly and accurately carrying out the mission entrusted to it, and that it will do so whilst managing its budget the best it can. I also hope that any information it gathers will help the Member States to follow closely the causes and consequences of this scourge, and to point to paths and solutions enabling affected Europeans to free themselves from the addiction destroying them and their families.
Road toll charges for the transport sector will therefore reflect the cost of noise and air pollution, as well as infrastructure costs.
Romania and Bulgaria adopted the Schengen acquis when joining the EU in 2007.
Romania and Bulgaria have proved once again, if there was ever any need for them to, that they are capable of adopting all the measures required to guarantee a significant level of security at the European Union's eastern border.
Romania and Bulgaria have proven their ability to adopt the necessary domestic legislation and make their borders secure.
Romania is among those Member States which are in favour of having the possibility to export radioactive waste to third countries.
Romania manages one of the European Union's longest external borders, as a result of which it has developed the most advanced, integrated security system, complying with the standards set by the Schengen acquis.
Rules of origin are different in Canada and the EU, and the Commission must make sure that the interests and priorities of European agriculture are properly taken into account.
Rural development and the interests of farmers are safeguarded, as are resource protection and the environmental policy component.
Rural development policy must provide a wide range of support measures that will meet their needs. I would also like to consider what could be done under the first pillar of the common agricultural policy for young farmers.
Rural producers and public bodies must qualify for forestry measures under the second pillar of the CAP: the EU must support forest planting within the framework of national programmes for rural development.
Russia can still achieve WTO accession before the end of 2011 if it can take the necessary decisions to resolve the handful of outstanding issues at multilateral level.
Russia is a huge market for goods from the EU, of course, and it is also a major supplier of oil and natural gas to EU Member States.
Russia is a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council, and shares responsibility for maintaining stability in the world with the EU. The challenges of the Middle East, Libya, Iran, terrorism, energy security, climate change and the financial crisis will be more effectively overcome if our relations with Russia are based on cooperation.
Russia is a rising country and a developing country in terms of wealth.
Russia is asked to engage in 'further comprehensive dialogue on security issues, including the establishment of the missile defence shield', when a Member State of the EU and of NATO, Romania, has already expressed its willingness to host this system, which clearly constitutes a threat to Russian security and to peace across Europe.
Russia is just as dependent on the European Union, because they sell most of their products to us. If we do not buy their energy products, then the Russian economy will encounter serious stability problems in the future.
Russia is one of Europe's most important economic partners, not to mention a neighbouring country on which, inter alia, European energy policy depends.
Russia might come back to the idea of a new Political and Security Committee at ministerial level.
Russia must observe certain rules as regards the WTO.
Russia needs to be aware that the world, and the democratic world in Europe in particular, will be watching closely to see how these elections are carried out; whether the parties are registered correctly and fairly; and also whether certain individuals or certain parties are excluded from the elections at the outset.
Russia should not put pressure on Ukraine in this area by giving it the option of either joining the customs union with Kazakhstan and Belarus or paying a high energy price.
Russia's WTO membership and free trade are in the interests of both the EU and Russia.
Russia's membership of the WTO will have a long-term impact on economic relations with the EU. This is why all the relevant agreements need to be revised.
Russian activity in these regions is making stabilisation of the situation and a peaceful resolution impossible.
SMEs make up more than 98% of the businesses in my rural constituency of Wales.
Sadly, in this euro crisis, we have learned from experience in a very painful way.
Sadly, the prospects for young people in Lithuania today are rather bleak.
Safety limits, which, on this occasion, exceed the limits of any hypothetical accident, will be reassessed by the Member States.
Sarajevo deserves a European spring.
Sarajevo occupies a very important place in Europeans' historical consciousness. I support awarding the title of European Capital of Culture exceptionally to the city in 2014.
Sarajevo was a magnificent city in which three peoples, three cultures and three religions cohabited.
Satellite navigation systems should ensure interoperability between different systems and should also allow intermodal use in passenger and freight transport services.
Savings can and must be made in other areas, in particular, the common agricultural policy, including harmful agricultural export subsidies and tobacco subsidies, in order to fund Europe's economic priorities.
Scarcely a single line of solidarity after Japan's only nuclear catastrophe.
Schengen can be strengthened by completing the solidarity clause provided for in the area of freedom, security and justice, pursuant to the Treaty of Lisbon; by completing the asylum package, whose processing still remains outstanding; and by permanently establishing the second-generation Schengen Information System (SIS II) and the verification mechanism, as stipulated in the conditions of entry to the area of free movement and as Parliament has voted in favour of Romania and Bulgaria doing.
Schengen cooperation started on 14 June 1985, with the Schengen Agreement, allowing for the abolition of systematic border controls at the internal borders of the signatory states and for the creation of a common area, with free movement of persons.
Schengen enabled the abolition of internal border checks between signatory states and the creation of a single external border where border checks on entry to the Schengen area are carried out.
Schengen is an area of free movement of people, but it is also a symbol of the best that Europe has done in the last 20 years and, therefore, of the best Europe.
Schengen is synonymous with freedom of movement, and this reality cannot and must not be reversed, but must be protected, strengthened and developed. I also agree that proper control of external borders is essential.
Schengen should not be touched; at most it can be strengthened, but it should not be touched because it is an inalienable achievement that keeps the European Union standing.
Scientists and representatives of political circles were eliminated, and people who were famous for being free thinkers were eliminated too.
Second example: in my country, Belgium, under a government with left-wing participation led by our fellow Member Mr Dehaene, in 12 years we reduced our debt from 130% of GDP to 80%. Mistakes by the banking community, and by Fortis in particular, meant that we had to help out the banks in order to prevent the system ...
Second, I would like to point out to you one of the positive traits of the Hungarian Presidency, the key to our success in reaching agreements with European institutions on so many issues, namely respect for the Treaties and for the competence of the institutions.
Second, as regards promises to the farmers in Europe, gradual convergence is realistic. A flat rate is not feasible at the moment, and I believe it will remain that way in the coming years.
Second, democracy is, of course, about votes and elections - but it is also about far more than that.
Second, we have asked the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC) to do a scientific risk assessment, which is being updated regularly as the situation evolves.
Second: I took note of Parliament's concerns with regard to the human rights situation in Russia; we share most of them and these issues will be raised with the Russian President at the summit.
Second: the European Union will impress upon Russia that more progress needs to be made on agreeing substantial trade and investment provisions, including on energy, in the new EU-Russia Agreement in order to provide a solid legal basis for deepened economic cooperation in the years to come.
Secondly, I absolutely shudder at the repeated suggestions that the EU should impose its own taxes or that it should issue European government bonds, which will sooner or later have to be paid back by somebody.
Secondly, I believe that the European Union needs to commit itself more wholeheartedly to this project.
Secondly, I cannot understand how we can now grant these facilitations to a country that plainly does not meet the GSP+ conditions in terms of social and environmental standards and send a signal to other countries, like Bangladesh, which do meet these conditions, that essentially tells them that their efforts are not wanted and it is also possible to achieve this status by other means.
Secondly, I expect the Heads of State and Government to endorse the country-specific recommendations that the Commission presented on 7 June.
Secondly, I explained during the debate and I will explain once again that I have learned a lesson from this. I now realise that we need to do more to introduce tougher safety standards for European nuclear power stations.
Secondly, I hope that a number of Member States will now really get on with making use of the new opportunities and will also be able to tempt other Member States to join in on the strength of their good results.
Secondly, I strongly condemn all convictions resulting from the criminal charges of mass rioting and find them politically motivated and of a questionable nature. I would like to stress that the trials were held behind closed doors.
Secondly, I think it is vital for us to stop market distortions through the funds.
Secondly, I want to touch on the subject of the automatic blocking of European funds when EU money is badly managed or when there are indications that this money would be badly managed.
Secondly, I would draw attention to the enormous diversity of natural conditions and, consequently, of forest ecosystems occurring in Europe.
Secondly, I would like to emphasise that we need to develop basic infrastructure in many cities.
Secondly, I would like to highlight the need for greater emphasis to be placed on thematic areas crucial for the future of Europe, such as energy security, the environment and health care.
Secondly, I would like to point out that stress tests should be established in all areas where energy is produced, if this whole approach to public safety is to be credible.
Secondly, I would like to say on the subject of Japan that TEPCO and other operators of nuclear power plants maintained before Fukushima that their plants were technically equipped to withstand all the types of earthquake that were likely to occur.
Secondly, Mrs Carvalho, of course, you have done very well.
Secondly, Schengen needs solidarity and solidarity is also about sharing the responsibility - burden-sharing - and sharing responsibility is also relative to the size of the Member State.
Secondly, a preparatory action which allows the Commission to finance pilot projects aimed at selecting, training and deploying a limited number of volunteers in view of the adoption of a legislative proposal.
Secondly, an institutional commitment to cultural and creative industries would enable talented young people to constructively channel their skills and ambitions, offering them launch platforms, some professional, that would then lead to new job opportunities, while saving them from frittering away their talents in areas that are culturally stagnant or simply unfit for purpose. I therefore support the report in question.
Secondly, and in close relation to mobility, it is crucial that young people learn other European languages, for two purposes: to interact fluently in the European environment and to be fully integrated members of the communities where they live and work, or, in other words, for social cohesion.
Secondly, and this is particularly important for us: in future, we will have to have many common European agreements that apply to all 27 Member States and investors from these Member States if we are also to have a uniform level of protection within the European internal market.
Secondly, at a time of scarce public funding, the charging for external costs provided by the new directive will generate revenues and make new financial resources available for transport infrastructure.
Secondly, by 2013, the European Commission must present an impact study on the introduction of labelling, clearly showing which garments have been produced in Europe, and which outside of Europe.
Secondly, centres at local level should develop action programmes which take account of differing life situations and needs in the area of early childhood education and care.
Secondly, for demanding accountability on the revenues generated by the Eurovignette.
Secondly, how realistic are the Commission's expectations that negotiations will be concluded by the end of 2011? Can the Commission also guarantee that the final agreement will include a chapter on sustainable development, in keeping with Parliament's requirements? Will this chapter include labour standards, the obligations associated with multilateral environmental agreements, as well as an effective mechanism for enforcing them?
Secondly, however, they constitute an economic activity that enables the creation of jobs and of products in circulation: in other words, it is a source of wealth in economic terms, too.
Secondly, if we assume that the outcome of the stress tests will not be a placebo and that the seal of approval will not be handed out randomly, but instead that the tests will be constructive, critical and objective, then I believe that these stress tests will bring many benefits and that the alternative, not carrying out any stress tests, would be a worse solution.
Secondly, if we look at the issue of the reversibility of the stored fuel elements and waste, the principle is that every storage facility must be suitable and safe for permanent final storage, from a geological and a technical perspective and as far as its construction is concerned.
Secondly, if we returned to the drachma without abolishing the euro area and the euro, there would be no legal facility for automatically converting deposits in euros in Greek banks, both inside and outside Greece, to drachmas without the depositor's consent.
Secondly, in terms of the management of conflicts of interest, and I shall give just one example. I have publicly denounced, together with our colleague Mrs Parvanova and a group of NGOs, the truly scandalous case of the Agency's Executive Director.
Secondly, in the light of the call in the report for steps to remove barriers to mobility, I would highlight the fact that a Council recommendation designed to encourage Member States to do precisely this is due to be adopted by the Council in the coming days.
Secondly, is the European public debt crisis deteriorating before our very eyes, as Mr Giegold describes? This deterioration will only be tested in the banks' trading books in the current stress tests.
Secondly, it is important that we focus on the inadequate participation of SMEs in the programme and that we call for measures to improve this, especially since future growth and job creation in the EU depend on them.
Secondly, it was not surprising last year that England got so little support for the awarding of the World Cup venue, despite its great infrastructure.
Secondly, no impact assessment has been carried out, and we do not know what effect these measures will have either on the Pakistani economy or on the European economy (in particular, the textile and ethanol sectors, which are specifically targeted by the proposal). Nor do we know how Pakistan will redistribute the income from exports covered by these measures so that they genuinely benefit the regions affected by the floods.
Secondly, non-legally binding guidelines at EU level could support and facilitate the implementation and enforcement of the Waste Shipments Regulation, particularly by customs officers, and thus help to combat illegal activities.
Secondly, on 20 January, we asked, in this House, for an EU strategy for freedom of religion and the permanent monitoring of such a policy.
Secondly, on the subject of development aid. I would first like to thank Mr Staes warmly for the fact that we have genuinely achieved a joint report in many, many respects that I can categorically support. I consider it essential that we set development aid priorities in the areas of infrastructure, health, education and particularly agriculture, and in particular I think that perhaps we should consider introducing an evaluation of projects after 10 years.
Secondly, one has to ask what power, what competence, do we have to bring the issue of a national constitution to the European Parliament in the first place? Member States have a sovereign competence for establishing their own national constitutions, and in this case, we should respect the right of the Hungarian people to determine their own constitution adopted by their democratically-elected national parliament.
Secondly, over and above any debate about the mistakes and misguided action of the Greek Government, we need to bear this in mind: in their evaluation of the policies being proposed and applied by Europe to deal with the crisis, our fellow citizens are saying to us: 'We have our limits.
Secondly, part of the Greek debt must be written off and, in order to ensure that the residual debt is indeed repaid, a multi-year recovery plan for the Greek economy should be drawn up.
Secondly, regarding Cathy Ashton, she is not only Vice-President of the Commission, but also High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy.
Secondly, research and innovation policies must be tailored to the market's specific needs.
Secondly, thanks are due to the government and people of the Republic of Cuba, which has taken many children whose parents died in the Chernobyl disaster for treatment in Cuba.
Secondly, the Commission must be prepared to increase human resources in the area of economic affairs once the economic governance package has been adopted.
Secondly, the Commission's Green Paper entitled 'From Challenges to Opportunities: Towards a Common Strategic Framework for EU Research and Innovation Funding' proposes important improvements to the research and innovation programme which will form part of the next EU multiannual financial framework.
Secondly, the EU should increase its own capability regarding the planning and coordination of civil and military operations and crisis management.
Secondly, the European Commission has assessed in detail the costs and benefits of CO2 emission reductions on the European economy in the framework of the Climate and Energy package agreed back in 2008.
Secondly, the European Medicines Agency breached personnel selection rules, and thirdly it failed to prevent conflicts of interest: a month after retiring from the Agency, the former Executive Director joined a consultancy which, inter alia, advises pharmaceutical companies on developing new medicinal products and reducing the time period to their market introduction.
Secondly, the European Union is, today, a full participant in international affairs.
Secondly, the action plan for Greece is being implemented and within a year, it has brought a very profound overhaul of the statistical system in Greece.
Secondly, the case does not come within the scope of Bruno Gollnisch's political activities as member of the European Parliament.
Secondly, the debate will also be strongly influenced by the debates on own resources.
Secondly, the impact assessments have to take a large number of criteria into account in order to provide the legislator with a comprehensive picture.
Secondly, the judgments of the Court of Justice of the European Union, which have resulted in an important clarification of the issue, must be included.
Secondly, the new state's adhesion to the Cotonou Agreement opens up new prospects for development cooperation and relations with the European Union. I think this is imperative and we must do everything we can to promote speedy ratification.
Secondly, the principle of balance between the liberalisation and opening up of the market to new operators, and fairness, so that the commitments entered into with those operators who have provided substantial investment can also be promoted, supported and maintained on the market.
Secondly, the public domain, and more specifically the European Union and its Member States, as well as nuclear industry operators, must adopt a behavioural ethic of total transparency in relation to nuclear activities.
Secondly, the removal - as has already been said - of the regulatory and administrative barriers which impede the free movement, within the Schengen area, of those in the cultural sector, in particular, for third-country nationals, by introducing, for instance, common accelerated procedures within the European Union for short and long-term visas, as well as a single procedure for obtaining work permits in the Union. I strongly urge the Commission to continue its work in these areas.
Secondly, the report acknowledges that if the two countries were included in the Schengen area, their geographical position next to the Turkish border would create two new routes for illegal migrants who currently only head for Greece, which, at this precise moment, is the only Schengen State in the Balkan peninsula.
Secondly, the report stresses the need to conclude aviation safety agreements with third countries that have a significant aircraft manufacturing industry; this is a crucial requirement considering the legitimate need to ensure ever-greater aviation safety.
Secondly, the role of the Commission, as highlighted by the Commissioner, is praiseworthy; and, thirdly, the point made by Paul Rübig that a new regulator should oversee the stress tests and any future power plants that are built would be very sensible.
Secondly, the situation that they - and indeed many other countries in Europe - are experiencing is the result of many years of living beyond their means.
Secondly, there is a discrimination in VAT rates which penalises digital goods in relation to physical goods. I think that we need to address these two issues through legislation.
Secondly, there is often a failure to prosecute.
Secondly, they are the foundation for lifelong learning, social integration, personal development and employability later in life.
Secondly, this period of troubles and great migratory pressures that we are experiencing cannot serve as an excuse for weakening the great success of Schengen, a synonym for freedom of movement.
Secondly, turning to the issue relating to a more stringent and automatic application of the procedures, let me mention the following: an additional sanction, an interest-bearing deposit for Member States in the excessive imbalance procedure, would be introduced.
Secondly, victims should have access to class actions in order to assert their rights.
Secondly, we are planning to create an instrument which will contribute to a knowledge-based type of agriculture, that is, one which will allow us to use the results of research, development and innovation - including research carried out in the framework of the common research strategy - and to put all these results into practice.
Secondly, we find it hard to imagine Parliament approving a trade deal with Canada while Canada pursues a challenge, through the WTO, on the EU's trade ban.
Secondly, we have had very good cooperation between the Commission, the ECB and the IMF, which was not self-evident when we started about a year and a half ago in terms of fire-fighting the financial turmoil.
Secondly, we in the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy want to make sure that the dramatic increase in costs for major projects such as the ITER nuclear fusion reactor and the GALILEO PAS global navigation system does not eat into the research budget any further.
Secondly, we must call on Germany to do everything it can to locate the origin of the bacterium.
Secondly, we must, of course, also review expenses.
Secondly, we need to have an explicit human rights check in the executing state.
Secondly, we took into account all the Commission's last-minute amendments, because the Commission - which is the only body and institution that can initiate legislation - submitted its proposal, but the terms of the waiver request submitted to the WTO are not the same as the proposal that the Commission tabled before Parliament.
Secondly, we want to know what will be done to cover and capture the potential for significant risk in all the Member States.
Secondly, we wish to raise the issue of non-tariff barriers. I am talking about a whole range of standards, from health and plant health measures to technical standards - especially in the agricultural and automotive sectors - export subsidy rules, customs checks and factors allowing for counterfeiting and also triangular trade with China and Korea.
Secondly, with regard to strategic reporting itself: this is a tool for reflecting strategically on, and discussing, the thematic dimension of cohesion policy on the basis of concrete evidence provided by Member States.
Secondly, with respect to Japan, as many among you have been saying, it is really a 'chicken and egg' situation.
Secondly, would you not accept that the circumstances faced by Fukushima were quite extraordinary and unprecedented, both in terms of the strength of the earthquake - the strongest ever experienced in Japan - and the height of the tsunami, which reached a maximum, I am told, of 46 metres, and had an average height of 14 metres, conditions that we might not expect in Europe?
Secondly: what budget is required by a currency union?
Secondly: while we should be very grateful to the rapporteur for his truly comprehensive work, we should avoid trying to pack too much into trade agreements. I must contradict the rapporteur because this is quite a typical process for dealing with differences of opinion at committee or parliamentary level and not everything can be accommodated by compromises.
Security of food supply, the challenges of the agricultural sector and feed production, and the cost of living crisis must be addressed when the financing instruments and broad policy for cooperation and collaboration for development are being created. I welcome what is said on that subject in the report. I agree that the Commission should conduct a comprehensive analysis of the general budgetary support, containing details of the support being given to particular sectors, to particular projects, and to local governments.
Seeing that he had to enter certain information, my fellow countryman entered the information and sent off the letter.
Seen from a socialist point of view, the thematic and geographical recommendations of the report satisfy our principal demands. I believe that it is right in its concept of transatlantic relations, particularly the EU and NATO, and in underlining the need for civil and military cooperation in crisis management.
Seldom have expectations been so high among the people in our various countries, expectations of brave and united decisions from their leaders on the burning issue of the euro and the debt crisis, as well as on economic governance.
Selection process of a new Managing Director for the IMF and external representation of the euro (debate) 
Senior figures in the USA have called for Mr Assange to be assassinated or kidnapped, and for the US Government to act as if it were at war with WikiLeaks, which they describe as a terrorist organisation.
Serbia, which is characterised by a Christian tradition, has proven its good intentions again and again.
Services forming an integral part of the administration staffed by local, regional and municipal officials and engaged in activities corresponding to institutional or constitutional attributions will also not be expected to register. I hope this will help to clarify the concerns which I have registered over the last days.
Serving the harmonious development of the EU is one of the objectives of cohesion policy, which is an indispensable instrument for reinforcing the economic, social and territorial reality of Europe, as well as an essential factor for the realisation of smart and inclusive growth as anticipated in the Europe 2020 strategy. I support this report as I feel that territorial cohesion should be adequately supported through the allocation of greater structural funds, and it is therefore right that the share allocated to Objective 3 be increased from the current 2.5% to 7%, considering in addition that around 37.5% of the European population lives in border regions.
Setting aside the financial resources required for nuclear waste management as early as in the course of nuclear waste production is an important basic principle. I agree that those who produced the waste have to bear the costs of waste management.
Setting up a common transparency register and improving all the rules on transparency in the European Parliament are required to increase citizens' confidence in Parliament's activities and ensure the necessary transparency for these activities. I voted for both Casini reports and I look forward to the strongest possible proposals from the European Parliament's working group on the transparency and regulation of lobbying activities.
Setting up a real 'Erasmus for apprentices', that is the commitment I undertook during the 2009 European election campaign: this is about the young and the not so young, while putting a foot in the world of work and gaining work experience, having the opportunity to travel within Europe and having direct contact with the economic realities of our Internal Market.
Seven years after the entry into force (on 1 January 2004) of the Council framework decision of 13 June 2002 on the European Arrest Warrant (EAW) and the surrender procedures between Member States, the Commission has published some statistical data collected in the Member States between 2005 and 2009.
Seventeen captains in Europe, plus as many mates, seventeen budgets, seventeen bond markets and one common currency.
Seventy years ago, about 50 000 Lithuanian, Latvian and Estonian nationals were brutally deported from their homes in the Soviet-occupied Baltic States.
Seventy-four years ago in my own country, Franco's troops bombed the town of Guernica, killing more than half of the population, an episode famously depicted by Picasso.
Several months ago, we raised the alarm concerning swine flu.
Several of the comments on increasing transparency are along the right lines. I also consider it reasonable for Parliament to award prizes, especially for the purpose of supporting European cinema.
Several of you - in particular, the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe - asked me about the methodology applied in this context, as Mrs Wortmann-Kool did just now.
Several of you referred to the Schengen area and to the importance of having high quality immigration policies in place. I would like to assure you that we are absolutely aware of the fact that freedom and the rights of persons to free movement within Europe is one of the most important achievements, and we should treasure it. The Commission will act as the guardian of the treaties and would be ready to act if the basic foundations of these projects are called into question.
Several of you, including Mr Ludvigsson, Mrs Ford, Mr Cancian and Mrs Băsescu, just now, called for the tests to be - I shall repeat what I heard - rigorous, credible and transparent.
Several options for a long-term solution are being considered, with the United Nations in the lead, all of them with challenges. I am very grateful for the work of this House, for the work of those who have travelled there and for the contributions I have received.
Several times during the trilogues, I heard serious criticisms from Members of Parliament about intergovernmental procedures.
Seychelles has a 1 374 000 km² exclusive economic zone for a land area of 453 km². This archipelago of 115 islands has an estimated population of 80 000, 88% of whom live on the island of Mahé, whose capital is Victoria, the country's main port.
She also felt very foolish.
She also plans to propose that citizens and companies should be made more aware of the growing problem of misleading business directories and to highlight the need for more public relations activities in this area.
She has a very challenging job in which she has to represent the European Union, so of course she has more travel assignments than most of the members of the Commission.
She has a very difficult job to do in these circumstances where the ambitions are set out in the 2020 strategy, and there are few who would disagree with the need to finance a range of different projects.
She has followed this dossier with a love that really does credit to her, and I believe all of us owe her a huge vote of thanks, as we also do to the whole delegation from Parliament, all our fellow Members, the chair of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety, and everyone else.
She is also focusing on how the cooperation between the national authorities on the prosecution of cross-border cases can be improved.
She is visiting our Parliament at the invitation of our Vice-President, Mr Rouček, and of Mr Fleckenstein, and her project has been awarded a European prize.
She merely thought she was correcting the errors, sent the form back and subsequently received threatening letters for two years.
She not only has a very good knowledge of the European economy and EU decision making, which is a merit in these times, but also very strong experience in global economic governance - through her successful management of the G20 Presidency, for instance.
She set a strict timetable that the Presidency as a whole managed to keep, while maintaining a Parliament-friendly attitude, for which I thank them again.
She talks about a common EU policy on foreign affairs, etc.
She was telling me about the problems of E coli in fruit and vegetables in the United States and we discussed how this was not common in the European Union.
She was terrorised by those letters to the extent that she was afraid to open the letter when it arrived at her door. I could not tell her not to pay the money.
Should not this also extend to businesses outside of Europe? It also seems to me that the report claims to combat the negative effects of globalisation, although, in the final analysis, this cannot be achieved with the measures discussed here.
Should the package not be agreed, neither the Council nor Parliament should think that they can successfully shift the responsibility onto the other.
Should we not draw lessons from what is happening in what are called the Arab countries and not demand of our Eastern partners what we did not demand of some governments, notably those of Tunisia, Libya or Egypt? Should we not, Mr Andor, see to it that democracy can finally rule in those countries, that we have minimum requirements in the matter?
Show them, Madam President, that Christian refugees in Cyprus are entitled to celebrate mass in their churches.
Signature of acts adopted under the ordinary legislative procedure: see Minutes
Significant shortages in innovation-related skills prevent SMEs from adopting innovative smart business models and new technologies.
Similar challenges are posed by climate change, unexpected deficits of raw materials and biological threats, for example, the recent developments concerning E coli bacteria in vegetables.
Similar conclusions are found in the Gualtieri report, which draws attention to the widespread overlapping of defence programmes and the consequent wasting of limited economic resources. NATO, therefore, continues to be the only effective force, and the Left-wing voices in Parliament, expressed in writing in a minority opinion and demanding, among other things, the dissolution of NATO, are dangerous and frankly anarchistic.
Similar restrictions also exist in terms of access to third-country tenders.
Similarly, complying with the principles of 'think small first' and 'only once', and limiting the excessively strict transposition of the requirements of EU directives into national regulations, by bodies in the Member States naturally, will result in a noticeable reduction in the administrative burden on the SME sector.
Similarly, disability should not be an obstacle either, and that is why additional funding should be set aside for young people with disabilities.
Similarly, we cannot accept the ECR toolbox-based approach without sufficient evidence and impact assessment to demonstrate that this is the best way to protect consumers and help businesses.
Simple phenomena can be interpreted using simple indicators, while complex phenomena require complex indicators.
Simplification of procedures would be helped by harmonising the rules concerning management, eligibility, audit and reporting of projects financed by the European Regional Development Fund, the European Social Fund, the Cohesion Fund, the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development and the European Fisheries Fund.
Simplified procedures will also ensure that public funds are used more effectively and efficiently, and that the administrative burden is reduced.
Simplifying the lives of European citizens is one of the EU's concerns.
Simplifying the rules is extremely important, because every researcher, every industry and every small business brings this up as the greatest barrier to using EU funds and working together in a focused way to improve the situation for innovations in Europe.
Simply saying 'Rubbish' is not an argument, Mr Turmes. 'Rubbish' is not a word that we like to see in the Minutes, but if it makes you happy, then I will accept it.
Simply, when we say, with some hesitation, that domestic workers account for between 5% and 9% of all workers, that means that we do not know the world of domestic work.
Since 1986, the objective of cohesion policy has been to strengthen economic and social cohesion between the different Member States of the EU. However, the Treaty of Lisbon and the new Europe 2020 strategy set out a third dimension, dubbed 'territorial cohesion', which promotes a functional approach to the integrated development of the 271 regions, viewed as areas where people live. I believe that territorial cohesion should contribute to doing away with physical, administrative and regulatory obstacles between the European regions, and should promote harmonious European development and growing cooperation through joint projects between different regions which have similar characteristics and development objectives. I would also stress that territorial strategies should be directly related to the trans-European transport network guidelines, to the strategies of the integrated maritime policy and to the Europe 2020 strategy, so as to build a smart, sustainable and inclusive Europe.
Since 2000, when the Global Positioning System (GPS) service was made available, this sector has grown exponentially (EUR 124 billion in 2008), with the domestic market forecast to be worth EUR 230 billion overall in 2025.
Since 2009, the date of the first report entitled 'The urban dimension of cohesion policy in the new programming period', new contributions have been made to this issue, and it has been further developed.
Since 99% of the housing stock in Europe is made up of old buildings, I call on the Commission and Member States to increase the rate of the ERDF allocation which each Member State can use to boost energy efficiency in housing from 4% to 15% in the future Multiannual Financial Framework.
Since Croatia will be an important partner for the European Union's future relations with the countries of former Yugoslavia, and since it is a key transit area for drug smuggling, we welcome this candidate country's participation in the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction.
Since Euro 3 vehicles are less polluting than the other most polluting vehicles in the Euro emission categories, the double charge system will apply to them only from a later date, while it will already be applicable to the other categories from the effective date of the directive.
Since I agree with the rapporteur's position, I voted for her report, but I believe that the proposal can, and must, be improved by tabling a strategy that is more comprehensive and gradual.
Since I believe there is a need for rapid, quality solutions in line with the recommendations of the European Central Bank, I voted for this proposal for a legislative amendment, which, in addition to encouraging interinstitutional dialogue, strengthens budgetary discipline and obliges each Member State or institution to accept its responsibilities.
Since IUU fishing is one of the major scourges of the current fishing industry, this agreement is particularly important, especially at a time when the EU is working on the new common fisheries policy (CFP).
Since Mr de Magistris is the champion of the battle against immunity in my country, it was probably misinterpreted. I think it unlikely that Mr de Magistris would have requested the defence of his immunity. I must have misunderstood and I should therefore like some clarification on this matter.
Since Romania and Bulgaria fulfil the technical conditions for joining the Schengen area, on behalf of the citizens of Romania, Bulgaria and Europe, we call on the Council to approve the accession of Romania and Bulgaria to the area.
Since both Romania and Bulgaria have proved that they are sufficiently prepared to apply all the provisions of the Schengen acquis in a satisfactory manner, both Member States should become fully-fledged members of the area. I would underline, however, the importance of rigorous controls at external borders for the purposes of internal security.
Since children's early learning lays the foundations for their successful lifelong learning, a key process for achieving the Europe 2020 objectives, I think that the Europe 2020 strategy, which seeks to create an inclusive society by increasing employment, lowering school dropout rates and reducing poverty, cannot be achieved unless all children are given an adequate start in life.
Since cloning is too complex a matter to relegate to a few paragraphs in another proposal, I urge the Commission once again to prepare a report and present a separate legislative proposal that regulates every aspect of cloning, based on food security and all scientific data.
Since consultations on the horizontal proposal concerning the country of origin in trade policy have not ended yet, it did not seem appropriate for us to create a precedent that would jeopardize the proposal and prejudice the outcome of that debate.
Since economic governance regards public debt as equivalent to a deficit, we should make every effort to ensure that the medium-term budgetary framework which is put in place helps to reduce the burden on future generations.
Since farmers' primary goal is to keep their livestock healthy and productive through good agricultural practices (hygiene, proper feed, appropriate husbandry, responsible animal health management), I think that more research needs to be carried out on the new antimicrobials, as well as on other alternatives (vaccination, biosecurity, breeding for resistance) and on evidence-based strategies for avoiding and controlling infectious diseases in animals, which are deployed in the European Union's research framework programmes.
Since it may well prove politically too difficult to implement a Community method for both evaluations and suspension, however worthwhile, would it not be better to make European substance the priority by launching infringement proceedings when necessary against Member States in breach of Schengen rules?
Since joining the EU, Bulgaria and Romania have taken numerous measures aimed at properly preparing and protecting their borders.
Since national laws may be incompatible between countries, it is usually very difficult for professional cash transport companies to move euro cash between euro area Member States, which means that such transport is currently very limited.
Since that time, the Sri Lankan Government has been manoeuvring to exonerate itself and impede access to justice by those who must be called, at the very least, victims of war crimes.
Since the 'Rose Revolution', the Georgian Government has consistently implemented democratic reforms, modernising its country and carrying out difficult, unpopular economic and social reforms that are essential in the long term.
Since the CAP was last reformed, the challenges have evolved: growing world demand for food, internationalisation of agricultural trade and price volatility, climate change, energy crisis, scarcity of available natural resources, and questioning of the role and purpose of the CAP by our citizens.
Since the Commission is obliged to ensure that this directive is properly implemented by Member States, it should take stock of the situation, and, where necessary, take appropriate corrective action.
Since the EU and Japan are close economic partners, they represent more than 20% of world trade but bilateral trade volumes are not as large as they could be. EU exports to Japan, as a ratio of Japan's GDP, are less than 2%, considerably below the ratio in the EU's other main markets (the US, China, Korea and India). There is therefore a considerable unrealised economic potential that could be explored by reinforcing trade ties between the two blocs.
Since the Schengen Agreement was concluded in 1985, its five founding states have expanded to 25, 22 of which are European Union Member States.
Since the agricultural sector is of fundamental importance, we urge the Commission to negotiate an agreement that is beneficial for producers and consumers alike, and which ensures fair competition between providers of agricultural products from the European Union and Canada.
Since the ban on the export of hazardous waste is not working, I think that we should be especially pleased that we have strengthened the legislation concerning waste electrical and electronic equipment (WEEE) by setting high collection targets.
Since the beginning of our Presidency, we have dedicated all our energy and have been tireless in our efforts in promoting the common European agenda. I am especially pleased that not even the critics, who were mentioned during today's debate, have questioned the firmness and the sincerity of my government's commitment.
Since the beginning of the CAP there have been fundamental changes to its tasks.
Since the beginning, it has been said that there should also be humanitarian aid.
Since the conflict in Libya began, I have suggested that the international community should put all its energies into supporting the overthrow of the Gaddafi regime.
Since the countries of the Union have very differing legal systems, they are obliged to surrender people even if the act is not an offence in the surrendering country.
Since the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon, the European Parliament has had more powers to intervene in the conclusion of international agreements between the European Union and third countries.
Since the fiasco with the euro rescue package, the net contributors have been asked to pay up two and three times over.
Since the irresponsible behaviour of credit rating agencies (CRAs) has often been the initial cause of speculation that primarily harms European taxpayers, it is hugely important to review their role in sovereign debt ratings as part of the ongoing reform process, which will be completed in the autumn.
Since the most important issue, that of integrating what is commonly known as the new intermediate category of regions, remains to be resolved, in that regard, I would like to call on the Commissioner and the European Commission as a whole to provide us, as soon as possible, with all the details that remain unclear regarding the creation of this category of region, especially the financial aspects and effects, as this issue concerns the future development of regions throughout the European Union.
Since the new Director has been in place the action plan that Parliament requested has been implemented and results are just now starting to be visible. I think that it is widely accepted that, since the new management took over, improvements in the running of' CEPOL have been evident.
Since the new trade policy is more balanced, we must also have a more balanced view of what maximum protection can entail.
Since the political consensus we have reached is not to allow capital losses, why not split the Greek debt up and thus allow the Greek Government to manage the future and this mediator basically to sort out the past through restructuring?
Since the report is on a Commission proposal that aims to simplify the legislation in force with a view to creating a better and clearer legislative environment for businesses, mainly with respect to the simplification of customs formalities carried out by importers of textile products, I voted in favour.
Since the situation in the region has deteriorated significantly recently, with this resolution we appeal to the government of the South Sudan to ensure democracy in the country and to demilitarise its territories.
Since the workers' struggles in Greece, Ireland and Portugal have been in vain, as we know, it is time to do a U-turn and to stop insisting on benefiting only economic and financial business groups, above all in the major European powers.
Since then, a Permanent Partnership Council on Justice and Home Affairs has been held and clear progress has been made.
Since then, little progress has been made in this field.
Since these practices are carried on across frontiers, it is very difficult to bring those responsible to justice.
Since these products can be freely imported, proving their origin is apparently unnecessary, but there are still some doubts about this facilitating measure. I cannot fail to stress the need to ensure the quality of products sold within Europe and to guarantee the safety of those who use them.
Since this country is on one of the main drug smuggling routes into the European Union, I consider it important to have factual, objective information from Croatia on these problems. I therefore find the rapporteur's position entirely acceptable and I support this recommendation.
Since this is a candidate country that will soon be joining the European Union, it is particularly important for it to provide the Member States with exhaustive, objective information about drug trafficking and drug addiction and their economic and social consequences.
Since video recordings are available of the clashes, the test for the investigative agencies and justice system in Bulgaria will be to what extent the instigators and participants in this incident will be justly punished.
Since we are talking about specific priorities and areas, I shall conclude by specifically mentioning one such area - nanotechnologies - in which I believe more investment is needed, given the many sectors in which they can potentially be used: medicine, agri-food production, electronics, new materials and new energies.
Since we cannot just wish it out of existence, we need to deal with nuclear waste in the most responsible way possible.
Since we very often find ourselves legislating on the work-life balance, it is truly absurd that remarks of this kind are made in this Chamber, and even more so when they are made by women.
Since we want to make savings, I propose other things, such as abolishing the Friday subsistence allowance for our colleagues and the subsistence allowances for journalists, too.
Since young people are the future of Europe, and since it would be irresponsible not to make them a priority when they are experiencing an unemployment rate of around 20%, I enthusiastically supported the Zver report on improving education and training systems in Europe.
Since, according to the Consultative Working Party of the legal services of the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission, the proposal in question contains a straightforward codification of the existing texts without any change in their substance, I am adopting its position at first reading, taking over the Commission proposal as adapted to the recommendations of the Consultative Working Party of the legal services of the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission.
Since, by virtue of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU), the area of foreign direct investment is an exclusive EU competence, there is a need to provide the European Union with the necessary means to move from a disparate perspective to a harmonised approach.
Since, until now, neither the European Union nor the African Union have managed to achieve any compromise with the government of Madagascar, certain measures have been adopted, including the suspension of aid from the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank, as well as our withholding recognition of the transitional government.
Sixthly, the need to coordinate the promotion of EU policies at an international level and to support the Member States in their negotiations with non-EU countries.
Sixty percent of Internet transactions within the European Union fail, mainly due to the fact that the parties involved in such transactions are afraid of the unfamiliar legal systems of other Member States.
Skills development, health and safety, decent wages and social security, the development of contractual arrangements - and I could continue this list, of course - are all aspects which have to be covered in the context of domestic work, and indeed the European Union must be a leader globally as well.
Slight in a sense that this 5% will also be modified by inflation, which means that we are not talking about an abnormal increase.
Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) account for around 99% of all EU businesses and make a key contribution to economic growth: as well as a source of jobs and wealth, they are particularly suitable vehicles for innovation.
Small and medium-sized enterprises - the mainstay of Europe's economic performance even in difficult crisis situations - are picked out as places where innovation occurs every day.
Small and medium-sized enterprises make a major contribution to the European economy as the vast majority of companies belong to this category and they provide jobs for over 90 million people throughout Europe.
Smaller agribusinesses often incur heavy costs when complying with health and environmental rules. I therefore welcome the request for a possible adjustment of these rules to reflect the varying conditions on farms.
Smart cities require a smart communications, transport and energy infrastructure. I support the development of integrated urban mobility plans and I encourage local authorities to modernise urban public transport to make it more environmentally friendly and efficient.
So 2013 is the goal, but with a possibility of derogations until 2015, in exceptional technical circumstances as well as further derogations due to coordination issues with third countries, which I was touching upon earlier.
So I do not see why we have to stick to the old MFF and simply continue with the policies of the past. I think that the time is now ripe to say to the public that it is not by cutting this EU budget of 1% [EU GDP] that we will solve the fiscal consolidation of the different Member States of the European Union.
So I end as I began by saying that we do not lack ambition, we need the resources to do the job properly, we need to be able to be consistent, we need to develop and strengthen what we do, and that is what we will do, but we will do it by taking the 27 Members of the European Union on that journey with us, leading sometimes, pushing sometimes, working alongside sometimes, and your support will be invaluable to that.
So I fully support the immediate establishment of an international justice mechanism as proposed by the UN report.
So I hope that the process will lead to increased convergence in terms also of foreign policy matters between our Member States.
So I support all my colleagues who have called - and I call myself - for a new impetus to a peaceful solution of the Israel-Palestinian conflict, which, of course, must be based on the two-state solution.
So I support the intent of the debate. I also agree that the important first step must be to work closely with the various agencies and the pharmaceutical industry in order to monitor and assess the problem.
So I want to pay tribute to them and the fact that they often speak on behalf of all of us too; we cannot be everywhere in the world all at once.
So I would ask the Commissioner to show leadership, to be courageous, and to remember that research and science, infrastructure ...
So I would like to thank everybody for this useful debate once again, it is good that now we have a schedule concerning the future as well, and it is very important for us that, as several Members have indicated, we can combat counterfeiting as efficiently as possible and that the European consumer can trust the traceability of textile products.
So I would urge the Commission that we should have a much tighter timeframe.
So after the fiasco they should not want to withdraw further licences from Member States and waste billions of euros on establishing further mammoth authorities; instead, they should admit that Europe cannot exist as the United States of Europe, and the more power is given to Brussels, the more efficiency will decrease.
So all the old bad habits remain: unlawful killings, mental and physical torture of prisoners, overcrowding and pre-trial detention are rampant, and, of course, poverty abounds with the minimum wage of USD 35 per month.
So as an obedient, committed citizen against nuclear plants, I have submitted a Written Declaration for an expression of solidarity for the heroic efforts of Fukushima - the workers and the firemen - and I was really very surprised to see that up till now, we do not have even one signature from your Group.
So climate change and women is very much on the agenda.
So energy savings are also a crucial part of the report because, if we meet our energy savings targets, we are already on the path of achieving 25% domestically in the EU.
So far, at least 22 people have died in Germany as a result of the EHEC pathogen and there have been more than 1 500 cases of infection.
So far, these negotiations have run smoothly, and it should be possible to conclude the bulk of an agreement before the end of the year, with a formal conclusion early in 2012.
So far, we have a cacophony to offer the world, in which it is often difficult for us to hear the important message which the European Union wants to convey.
So he proved to be very resilient in his task, and he got there.
So instead of making proposals which do not achieve anything, we need to prepare a serious, wide-ranging offer of economic aid and cooperation, on a conditional basis.
So it is important to have harmonious implementation and promotion of cooperation in border areas, both in respect of internal border areas but above all of areas along the European Union's external borders.
So it will read: 'Takes the view that better cooperation among Member States' different education systems - bridging those differences and ensuring mutual recognition of certificates and diplomas among the Member States - should be emphasised in order to heighten cross-border collaboration and aid mobility'.
So let me first answer Mr Papanikolaou.
So let me underline once more that the Commission respects the Lisbon Treaty and does not intervene in the sovereignty of nation states.
So let us assist SMEs, but let us not insert particular propaganda into provisions of this kind.
So let us distribute the refugees between us. Let us empower them by giving them temporary permits until things have calmed down, and let these permits be Europe-wide. I think that by accepting this debate on Schengen today and by accepting populist pressure and racism, any border controls will be based on people's faces.
So many policies that I object to. I shall vote against.
So my very direct answer to you is that, yes, we need more resources for Frontex.
So on behalf of the Presidency I would like to once again thank the rapporteur, the shadow rapporteur, the chairman of the IMCO committee and his colleagues for their joint efforts aimed at reaching an agreement on this piece of legislation in the second reading, through which the Internal Market of textile products can operate even more efficiently.
So please keep the pressure on me, but do so also in terms of Member States.
So that accountability in delivering policy objectives might be increased, I express my vote in favour of the proposal.
So that is why I would say that it is a great victory for us because we supported the process politically, both through our own actions and in financial terms.
So that the Canadian and European markets will become more competitive and more secure, and so that product-approval procedures will become shorter and simpler, I am voting in favour of the proposal in question.
So the Commission plans to publish the relevant communication this summer, i.e. in a very short time from now.
So the European Union, which respects the cultural traditions of Russians, should not put pressure on Moscow on this matter, and should leave the questions of the rights of sexual minorities to marry and adopt children in the hands of national legislation.
So the challenge we have here is to find a solution that safeguards the principles I have just outlined and is acceptable to both Parliament and the Council.
So the reality is that the euro is not the problem; the problem is a very high level of debt or a very high level of deficits in the economies.
So there is an awful lot of good in it and I think that if we are thinking of having a new constitution, we can learn a lot from what Hungary has done.
So there is no point asking you questions, because can we get an honest answer?
So this is a first data point for evaluation, provided that we agree that the target of the programmes is to overcome the budgetary and economic crisis and not to create a culture of punishment leading to euro-scepticism in Europe.
So this type of expenditure is conducive to growth and jobs.
So true is this that, reform after reform, we are seeing a steady fall in the price of fish, even though, in the fishmonger's, it has never been so dear, with some types of fish actually being out of the price range of consumers.
So until I see evidence of significant improvement, I shall continue to vote against discharge of the budget.
So we also need to do something in the ETS system to make sure we have the right price and really have the incentives to move to green technologies.
So we are ready for negotiations concerning our contribution and, as I indicated in my introductory speech, we think that we would affirm this intention in a political declaration to be issued in June.
So we believe that we need a scoping exercise so that we know what we are talking about. I hope that, in the course of that scoping exercise, we can do away with a number of non-tariff barriers, and that this will create the right climate for us to get down to actual free trade negotiations with Japan.
So we do indeed want to phase out nuclear power because we believe that this is the only way to eliminate the nuclear risk.
So we encourage Member States and regions to set aside budgets for public procurement of innovative products and services.
So we expect the industry to take the prime responsibility for learning lessons, rather than relying on the regulator to tell it what to do.
So we have every reason to believe that all the difficult questions will be answered.
So we have not been looking at a 'one size fits all' solution, but we have looked to establish values and principles and guidelines for Member States to develop a European framework of shared goals and shared values and shared entitlements.
So we shall no longer call them lobbyists but stakeholders.
So what I can confirm is that we are working along that line; we are trying to have increased flexibility for intervention in the markets but, honestly, I think we should now focus on the ESM and consider, of course, options for the future of the Eurobonds if the Member States are ready to take that additional step.
So what is in the report? Of course, we are asking the Commission to come forward with a proposal to move to 25% reduction domestically.
So what we are doing - with the solidarity that we needed from the beginning of this crisis but which was not there - is not only for Greece; it has to be for all Member States of the euro zone.
So where do we go from here? Let us not end with this one report.
So would it not have been a good idea for corruption to be raised at the G8 summit? The only reference that I can find, and it was an oblique one, was about developing countries.
So yes, 25 000 people are nothing, they are a drop in the ocean for the entire Union but 1000 people arriving in the southernmost Member State are a lot.
So yes, it is necessary to impose a maximum rate of taxation in order to encourage short journeys, piggyback transport, maritime transport and inland navigation, and it is necessary to make the entire Union and its neighbourhood strive for the best possible social conditions.
So yes, there will be a chapter on sustainable development that will be part and parcel of the agreements, that will recognise the importance of relevant international standards and be based on cooperation, but we also need to be clear that a sustainable development chapter which would allow the use of trade restrictions linked to social or environmental issues will not be acceptable to India.
So you are worried that you are losing and, in your defence of your position, in your defence of your beloved acquis communautaire, your body of law, you resort to intolerance, you resort to nationalism, you make me realise that what I saw yesterday was actually for real.
So, Baroness Ashton, what diplomatic options do you have in mind in order to avoid such a disaster?
So, I would encourage you to examine the need for a new evaluation of the incident's impact on health.
So, all in all, your vote tomorrow will be a very important one, a very crucial one for the European Union and its capacity to convince our general public, economic actors and international partners of our capacity to overcome the crisis and facilitate sustainable growth.
So, as regards restoring internal borders, we think that it can be done only in an exceptional situation, in case of an extraordinary challenge, for a defined period and by the decision of the Community. I have said this in my introduction, Mrs Malmström and Mr Barroso have said this as well. I repeat once again that this is our starting point.
So, for example, such people as Jacek Sobala, Anita Gargas, Jacek Karnowski and Wojciech Leszczyński have lost their jobs.
So, having lobbyists or stakeholders with conflicting interests is a good thing: what is important is that the judge - and therefore also the MEP - maintains his freedom of thought, independence, and his honest search for the common good.
So, if you are in a position to do that, I would appreciate hearing it, and also, if there were to be a merger, would you see an increase in budgetary appropriations for the Social Fund?
So, if you think about the accession of Bulgaria and Romania, and if we vote on it tomorrow, I would be delighted if you could view it in the same way as you view your own countries.
So, in the Commission's view, what has been achieved in the high-level group provides, at this stage, no more than a good basis for further discussion.
So, integrating training and education, infrastructure around housing programmes, opportunities for small businesses to grow, working with UN women - as I am - to consider how we build safer communities around the housing projects, how we work together to design a much bigger, grander vision that is built upon what the Egyptian people want. I am talking to the Foreign Minister of Egypt, Al-Araby, who is committed to working closely with us on the Middle East Peace Process, keen to develop the strength of the relationship that we already have, and keen to see us as partners in collaborating in the region.
So, speaking personally, I am concerned that these emergency trade preferences will appear to reward the Pakistani Government for its lack of action in this respect. I am also worried that secular, democratic Bangladesh, also a country prone to flooding, will suffer as a consequence in terms of unfair competition, and it, too, is heavily dependent on textiles.
So, the CAP must have a strong budget and proper resources so as to be able to meet those goals. I fully support what is in the report on the broad aims and tasks of the CAP and that there be no cuts in CAP funding for 2013, so that it would be able to properly meet those broad needs.
So, what I am asking of Ms Malmström and Mr Barroso is a rewriting of the communication and specifically of the sentence which states that a new mechanism shall be introduced for the reintroduction of border checks.
So, when the EU raises taxes in the UK, will the people respond by kicking the EU in the ballot box? No, because they are not informed.
So, within that framework, we do have issues to resolve here in this House, and I hope that they can be resolved satisfactorily.
So, yes, let us have this register - I voted for it and my group supported it - but the real solution is to disperse the power away from these unaccountable Brussels and Strasbourg institutions back to genuinely answerable national, democratic parliaments.
So, you set to work, you have your meetings, make your phone calls, you give it all you have got, there is no doubt about that, but the results of these efforts are, unfortunately, diluted in the media ruckus, and hence the Union's foreign policy appears extremely weak in the face of the thunderous speeches delivered by some European Heads of State.
So-called 'security' issues should also be noted, including 'the establishment of the missile defence shield'. We must remember that Romania, a member of the EU and NATO, has expressed willingness to host this system, which constitutes a threat to Russian security and to peace in Europe.
Social background must not determine a person's educational opportunities.
Social responsibility must work to this end and the European Union - working through Parliament - must restore and reinforce these principles in its every action, above all in dealing with non-Member States whose citizens are denied fundamental rights.
Society expects a rapid response from the national and Union authorities that sheds light on the causes of this crisis, along with effective action.
Sofia and Bucharest are jointly applying for membership, and the current state of preparations in both countries has been rated highly, so I voted in favour of adopting the report.
Solidarity and economic and social cohesion are nothing more than empty words: dead letters in the Treaties.
Solidarity between EU Member States must be accompanied by a sense of responsibility and must respect rules that Member States cannot and must not knowingly violate.
Some Member States (for example, Germany and Austria) operate a balanced forestry policy. A large number of countries - especially new Member States, including the Czech Republic - allow unsustainable forestry on their territory, however, which can be defined as the total clearance and looting of forest growth.
Some Member States are setting new political criteria which will delay the Schengen process.
Some Member States have that and others might not have it, but the fact is that in the new constitution, the government of Hungary has abolished this symbolic Ombudsman.
Some Member States, including Hungary, have already said that they are ready to reallocate refugees from Malta in order to alleviate pressure on the authorities there.
Some Members of Parliament say to me that our funding is the problem because they cannot use it in the way they want; but we have flexibility; the Member States can reallocate their funding - every Member State can do this.
Some articles, like Article 44 on supporting national efforts to implement the protection and preservation of cultural heritage, illegal trade of heritage or products of cultural creation, do not give much sense to the issue itself.
Some claim that, because these are in the Memorandum, it does not observe the principle of subsidiarity provided for in the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union. I do not believe that is true.
Some countries are lagging behind, others are further ahead, some are on the fringes, some have larger populations: we need to bear all that in mind. I am delighted to see that this week in the German media Mr Habermas has again stressed that increasing democratic legitimacy is a vital necessity. I would say to Mrs Ford that we are not arguing in favour of enhancing our powers, we are calling for a greater role for those mandated by the people to defend their interests in Brussels.
Some countries move quicker than others and we see that with the countries of the former Soviet Union, who are now our valid colleagues here in the European Parliament.
Some cutbacks are necessary and therefore some priorities can also take second place.
Some excited left-wing Members are suggesting that we agree on uniform sizing, while we do not know the origin of the goods worn by consumers.
Some honourable Members here have said that this is a sovereign matter for Hungary.
Some hypotheses are already being researched and could be turned into rules after further reflection hence point 9 of the document adopting the agreement indicates the possibility for the reports to carry the details of the stakeholders who met with MEPs during the preparation of the report in question.
Some important issues are acknowledged in the report's preamble, such as the link between a poor and disadvantaged background and low educational achievement, or the major difficulties many households have in reconciling family obligations with deregulated working hours and insecure jobs.
Some inconsistencies were found, though these were due to the fact that the Joint Undertaking concerned is still in its start-up phase. I therefore believe that, under the careful guidance of the Commission, the auditing system and budgetary management could be improved and that the Joint Undertaking could finish implementing its internal controls and financial reporting systems.
Some members have been critical about the human factor not having been assessed or properly taken into account. I have to say that I have personally read closely the specification of these stress tests and am pleased that the tests cover, not just technology, but the human factor and organisational aspects as well.
Some members of the currency union are paying for the irresponsibility or adventurism of others, and a move towards greater transparency and clearer budgetary rules leading to the avoidance of long-term problems in our countries has therefore become essential.
Some of Mrs Goulard's initial proposals, the creation of a European Monetary Fund in particular, were not retained during the trialogues. I believe that the balance achieved by the Commission and the Council on this report is satisfactory, and I therefore supported it, just as I support the economic governance packaged as a whole.
Some of the amendments on which we will be voting tomorrow in plenary may now alter this compromise and balance, and I call on my fellow Members, and the rapporteur and the shadow rapporteurs in particular, to come up with a balanced measure that is acceptable to all.
Some of the companies constantly change their names and their P.O. box addresses and this also makes it difficult to arrest the people who are pulling the strings.
Some of the elements which are being contested can, in fact, be found in a number of other constitutions in other Member States, and yet we are only debating one constitution in one Member State.
Some of the less advanced regions can obviously gain from the networking and know-how that is fostered by research and innovation programmes while, of course, using structural funds to build up the research infrastructure facilities that they require.
Some of the other points in question were already included in the Council's general approach to the decision on imposing financial sanctions.
Some of the recommendations adopted in the Committee on Culture and Education do not really create something new, like an information website on EU culture programmes and external relations, together with the calendar of EU events in the whole world plus contacts with Civil Society.
Some of the responsibilities of the second pillar of the common agricultural policy should be transferred to cohesion policy.
Some of them see in this nothing less than a kind of cultural imperialism.
Some of these amendments were of a technical nature while others were related to the substance, including rules on origin marking, indication of animal-derived materials, the use of language-independent symbols and a review clause.
Some of these issues are common to all the agencies or some of them, including for example: cancellations and delays in procurement procedures, failure to observe Staff Regulations, or the violation of the principle of budgetary annuality.
Some of these points have been addressed to a certain extent. I myself ... I can tell you ... I launched the debate at the G8 about a financial transactions tax, when we were also discussing the problem of development aid, and my position is clearly in favour of this tax.
Some of these violations were committed with the proven complicity of Member States of the European Union, which placed their territories at the disposal of the CIA.
Some of you, like Udo Bullmann, Sven Giegold and Philippe Lamberts, have asked whether we consider that the issue of symmetry/asymmetry has been settled. I can provide you with my interpretation and the Commission's interpretation of this issue which in fact, if you look at the texts, is extremely complicated. I hope that nobody would block this package for the sake of that because it would be impossible simply to explain it to our citizens.
Some people are saying that in circumstances where there are large budget deficits and high levels of debt, Member States should contribute as little as possible to the EU budget. I believe that this is a mistake.
Some people still see the reversed qualified majority system as something to be scared of. However, we must remain firm on this principle.
Some points that were taken up by Mrs Quisthoudt-Rowohl and others relate to security and fairness.
Some priorities included by the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament which I would highlight are, for example: 1) investment for jobs and growth; 2) the social aspect, and the workers' rights and conditions; 3) sustainability; 4) European added value; 5) proposed structure and duration.
Some time after that, the alleged legal department of the company sent out letters, which I have here, asking my fellow countryman to pay EUR 3 529.38, which apparently included interest and the company's legal costs.
Some time ago, I myself was listening to a Finnish research group which was receiving funding through this programme.
Some will not want to include aircraft crashes and others will only open up a part of their plants for stress tests.
Some years ago, the group to which I belong defended the need to introduce safeguards on the use of the European Arrest Warrant and I am pleased to have heard you, Commissioner, this afternoon, mention improvements to the procedure through the creation of guides for the Member States as well as guides for detainees. I welcome this because I think that the European Arrest Warrant is very well understood by our fellow citizens, and is a crucial test in showing just what Europe is capable of in order to consolidate justice in Europe.
Something else that we would like to highlight is the fact that we have a rather strange fixed culture whereby every year we allocate too much to certain areas despite the fact that we know that these funds will be sent back unused at the end of the year or in fact the year after.
Something else which has not been made clear is how the costs of maintaining the Galileo system will be financed.
Something has to be done, however, because 70 million tonnes of hazardous waste per year - and rising - is no trifling matter. I therefore have another question in addition to the written questions that the Commission has already received, and that is: Has the Commission considered utilising special port areas for unloading hazardous waste in selected ports? That would provide better means of control in general.
Something which is very important is effective use of the European Social Fund in a way which gets the unemployed back into work and does not just train them, which is a very common practice.
Sometimes having access to a huge amount of information is no guarantee that meaningful progress will be made.
Sometimes, quite rightly, we focus on improving conditions for current workers, but disregard in public debate what we need to do to bring new workers into agriculture so that our production will be assured and improved, in view of the fact that the countries that have lent most support to young farmers are least exposed to land abandonment.
Sometimes, those questioning this text have been accused of doing so for purely political reasons.
Soon, we will have the opportunity to work on the issues involved in the Bologna process and I welcome that.
South Sudan must be enabled to establish itself as a viable sovereign state.
South Sudan will be one of the poorest countries on earth, and if we want the Millennium Development Goals to also take effect here, it is urgently necessary that the funding made available by the Council - EUR 200 million - should actually be spent on food security, education and health in this part of the world.
Sovereignty comes from the people and the peoples of Europe have not given it to an EU that is increasingly anti-social and anti-democratic.
Space policy and the GNSS programme are of strategic importance and should provide tangible benefits for citizens and businesses.
Speaking about safeguards for procedural rights, the report also reflects on the overarching importance of fundamental rights and mutual trust in the Member States' judicial systems.
Speaking of Estonia, I think that this directive will bring to an end the situation in which our lorries pay in other countries, while vehicles from other countries do not pay to drive on our roads. I hope that the government will put an end to this type of unequal treatment and set equal conditions for all.
Special care for children from the more at-risk groups, however, must be provided in a very sensitive way, in order to avoid stigmatising these children or families, which might increase the risk of their social exclusion.
Special emphasis must be put on preventing youth unemployment, for which it is necessary to harmonise training supply with labour-market demand, provide middle-term national and regional forecasts on expected labour demand and enable national education systems to be more effective in guaranteeing the attainment of those skills that are actively sought on the labour market.
Special mention also needs to be made of micro-enterprises in regional and rural areas, which are struggling to survive due to the lack of funding, so that we can find ways of encouraging the use of innovative solutions, thereby improving their viability.
Species conservation and nursery practices should extend to associated microbial and fungal species.
Specific measures to develop the technical and scientific skills of young women need to be included in the European investment plan for employment, environmental protection and innovation, in order to improve their qualifications and employability, in particular, in strategic growth sectors in which they are under-represented.
Specific sectoral proposals should come later, between September and the end of the year.
Specifically in the case of Japan, the European Parliament resolution proposes exploiting the opportunities offered by international public procurement and services markets, particularly as it is observed that EU and Member State interest in these areas has increased.
Specifically, I do not support Mr Audy's call to increase funding for the European Research Council, as well as making it an independent legal entity with decision-making power which would be directly responsible for its own scientific strategy and administrative management.
Specifically, this report analyses the issue of Member States' excessive debts and considers the problems of the European Union as a whole, not just in the sense of resolving the deficits, but also the level of public debt, so as to ensure that procedures are implemented with a view to correcting the infringement early on and thus prevent corrective measures from being implemented when it is already too late.
Specifically, we need: the issuance of common European bonds, the outright rejection of competition between the bonds issued by the different Member States, the establishment of a genuinely European treasury and the harmonisation of fiscal policies to ensure equality, combat tax fraud and help to define a progressive European social policy based on efficient public services.
Spectrum policy has a prominent place in the Digital Agenda for Europe and is crucial for the realisation of the policy objectives of the Europe 2020 strategy for smart, sustainable and inclusive growth.
Spent fuel from research reactors in Romania needs to be either repatriated to the country of origin, Russia or the United States or exported to third countries in special cases.
Spent fuel is generally stored securely near to the reactors, but it has to be recognised that, for permanent storage, levels of security should be much higher.
Spiralling fuel prices are also having profoundly negative effects on us: reduced numbers of voyages; penury-level incomes for fishers, exacerbated by low first-sale prices; increased imports to Europe of shellfish and seafood products from third countries; and people ceasing to work in the sector because of the resulting financial difficulties, leading to further job losses.
Sporadic cases are reported in 11 other Member States.
Stability, democracy and peace in that region continue to be a key priority for the European Union, for the Commission and, I trust, for Parliament as well.
Stage 1: In a market economy, the main responsibility of the owners and operators of industrial plants is undoubtedly to ensure themselves that their facilities are safe, to carry out regular safety inspections and to report the results.
Stage 2: This consists of another review by the national nuclear safety regulators of the reports produced by the operators and an evaluation of the regulators' own inspections and findings.
Standards applied in the European Union are among the highest in the world.
Starting with the Russia-EU dialogue on human rights and continuing with the summits, I think that a systematic and honest approach is required in cases where the standards for a fair trial are not respected or human rights activists or journalists are persecuted and prevented from doing their job.
Statement by the President of the European Parliament's delegation to the Conciliation Committee - Novel foods (continuation of debate) 
States are concerned about granting this facility now when the blow from high oil prices needs to be softened, which raises the question not only about high prices, but also about the sector's survival in general.
States do need to manage their budgets according to good housekeeping rules, not by revitalisation through public expenditure, which is a short-term sweetener but never a lasting solution.
Statistical data show that currently, as many as 15% of young people end their education early, and in so doing gain qualifications which do not meet the needs of the labour market.
Statistical data show that every year cardiovascular disease is the cause of around 4.3 million deaths in Europe, and over 1.7 million people die of cancer. I think the report on the CAP towards 2020: meeting the food, natural resources and territorial challenges of the future is moving in the wrong direction, so I voted against it.
Statistics show that around one in three young Europeans has tried an illicit drug and at least one of our citizens dies every hour from a drug overdose.
Stigmatisation and incitement to hatred on the grounds of religious affiliations are considered offences in France and this situation is equivalent to flagrante delicto.
Still, I would like to take this opportunity to support the call on the United States authorities not to seek the death penalty in the case of Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri.
Stimulating investments for research, facilitating access for SMEs to diverse sources of funding, and improving cooperation between universities, research centres and government are measures which will generate creativity and innovation in the medium and long term.
Strategic reporting is also an evaluation of the ongoing process.
Strengthening Frontex and showing greater solidarity are particularly crucial - and I will conclude on this point - in order to support the Member States situated at our external borders.
Strengthening management capacity and the negotiating power of producers and producer organisations, transparent pricing and other risk-management measures are all subjects that I am committed to examining in detail as part of the impact assessment. I intend to develop specific legislative proposals on these points.
Strengthening relations with the Republic of Moldova is also included among the common foreign policy priorities, in view of signing the association agreement with the EU. Mentioning this point will ensure positive progress in the negotiations between both sides.
Strengthening the knowledge base by bringing together businesses, knowledge institutions and the citizens themselves is an important factor in achieving the goals of the Innovation Union.
Stress tests and energy safety should form a crucial part of our energy dialogue with third countries.
Stress tests of nuclear power plants in EU and nuclear safety in EU neighbourhood countries (debate) 
Striking a balance between early warning, on the one hand, and transparency, on the other, is certainly difficult.
Strong backing should be given to a combination of education policies and a new incentive-based welfare system for enterprises that provide full-time employment for young people and women.
Strong emphasis should also be placed on eliminating differences in men and women's pay by 2020, since this currently stands at about 18%. I believe that the two most important initiatives in the supranational jobs market are the qualifications framework drawn up within the context of the Copenhagen process and the unified European credit transfer system for vocational education and training.
Strong shoulders more so than weak shoulders.
Structural funds are extremely important for places like Wales - where I come from - where they are implemented very well.
Structural reforms aimed at boosting the competitiveness of economies and the potential for growth must be the priority on the political agenda.
Subject: Canned fish products as part of food aid
Subject: Countering the use of the Internet by criminals
Subject: Innovation and measures to combat climate change
Subject: Reallocation of financial resources in the regional and cohesion funds
Subject: The funding of the CAP post 2013
Subjugation to the choices and plans of the capitalist undertaking must be strengthened, while 'employability' and entry to the labour market via apprenticeship, mobility in sectors of the economy and so-called accessibility between levels of education and training must be facilitated.
Subsequently, however, our group mentioned the need to safeguard the textile industry and the 'Made in' label, but no response to this position was given in the negotiations with the Council.
Subsequently, in November 2010, the working group was able to adopt a draft agreement on the establishment of a transparency register, as Parliament had reached its main objectives. I believe that the common register is a step towards greater transparency in the European institutions, so I voted in favour of this report.
Subsequently, under Article 174 of the Treaty, 'territorial cohesion' has become one of the three components of cohesion policy alongside economic and social cohesion, and, in fact, constitutes one of the EU's main priorities.
Subsidies should be channelled into these areas and not into short-term support determined by fluctuating oil prices.
Such a ban would never have passed a national parliament, all of them being subjected as they were to real anger from their constituents.
Such a candidate will, in particular, need to have demonstrated strong capabilities, a commitment to multilateral coordination, and a great knowledge of international economic, financial and monetary affairs.
Such a paradigm shift necessarily involves consistent support for social policy, including fostering the relevant standards and related corporate responsibility.
Such a requirement does not conform with the principles of positive trade relations.
Such a significant change requires transitional rules governing its implementation: the report that we voted on today seems to be an acceptable compromise, since it protects the agreements already concluded by various States on a bilateral basis and also lays the groundwork for possible new, bilateral agreements, though they must be agreed on.
Such action should include brokering an agreement between Rajoelina and Ravalomanana, allowing the former president to return to Madagascar without any risk or prejudice.
Such action would enable them to play an active role in innovation.
Such an agreement should serve the development of our societies and of employment and not give rise to uncontrolled liberalisation that would have disastrous effects.
Such an agreement, which is intended to promote free trade, should be entered into with great caution so as not to destabilise agriculture in the Community still further.
Such an amendment must truly aim to emphasise the exceptional nature of this procedure, and is justified, inter alia, by the administrative and technical workload that it entails.
Such an exceptional case, which it was the European Parliament's duty to investigate, is that involving MEP Luigi de Magistris, summoned before the courts in his own country in connection with an interview given to an Italian newspaper as a member of a political party represented in European structures.
Such an instrument would make the Single Market run more smoothly, would benefit businesses and consumers, and would also be advantageous to the legal systems of the Member States themselves.
Such circumspection is particularly important in the area of environmental policy if it is to gain wider acceptance.
Such coherence also implies a serious response to the demand for innovation from the public, from the recipients of EU policies, and from Europe's social groups and industries.
Such information will be extremely valuable for the purposes of environmental policy making.
Such is the case with Galileo, which has gone from a EUR 7.7 billion budget to a EUR 22.6 billion budget.
Such issues are becoming more important at the present time, not least as regards Member States that, because of their economic and financial difficulties, are seeing the ratings of various national institutions fluctuating inconsistently and cyclically.
Such measures may have an additional impact in the case of third countries because they may lack the capacity to properly monitor incoming shipments and therefore prevent the entry of toxic material into their territory.
Such messages were passed on by President Barroso himself during his visit to Baku in January, and will be high on our agenda for future visits.
Such plans should be ready as soon as possible and should include a detailed timeline.
Such practices threaten the healthy functioning of the Internal Market, first because consumer confidence is essential to the healthy functioning of the economy and, more importantly, because the practice in question should be made illegal.
Such programmes must also be developed without additional financial expenditure and bureaucracy.
Such proposals have been made for many years in respect of the Polish-German border, to the disadvantage of Polish citizens.
Such surveillance must, however, take place without any change to the fundamental objectives of promoting a high level of employment, guaranteeing adequate social protection and stepping up the fight against social exclusion.
Such words are never in short supply when it comes to condemning certain other countries! In this case, demands have been softened into requests and the preferred approach is to emphasise, in the first point of the resolution, the close transatlantic relationship based on shared values and respect for human rights.
Sudan, the largest country in sub-Saharan Africa, is a crossroads between the Arab and African worlds, as well as a mosaic of many heterogeneous ethnic groups.
Sufficient funding must be secured for national programmes, however, so that the polluter pays, and that is clearly strengthened in this directive, which I am pleased about, including adequate dissuasive sanctions, which must be ensured in every system.
Support for a measure of this nature without being aware of its implications shows that the majority of the European Parliament is on the wrong track.
Support for development as well as investment and the importance of cohesion policy for achieving the objectives of the Europe 2020 strategy are the reasons for which this policy should retain at least its current significance, but also its financial support.
Support for this declaration signals Parliament's support for the future. I thank you for your support.
Support for youth mobility, especially for young people from the countries of the Eastern Partnership and the Union for the Mediterranean, is particularly important in view of recent events in Belarus and North Africa.
Supporting better our delegations in Iraq, which some honourable Members discussed with me this morning, requires resources.
Supporting young people by encouraging dialogue between the European institutions and youth organisations is a good start, but it cannot be considered the ultimate aim.
Sure, Member States often lack the political will to act in a unified and decisive way, and they do not want to see you strong, but believe me, Baroness Ashton, they will not support you and will not save your life as High Representative.
Surely the answer to underfunding is not to invite in the private sector with all the distorting effect that has on education, or to impose fees that block access to hundreds of thousands across Europe, but for state investment to provide free well-funded education at all levels.
Surely the time is coming when all our pomp of yesterday will be one with Nineveh and Tyre?
Surely we are not going to allow the will of two Heads of State to jeopardise one of Europe's greatest achievements.
Surely, this is a very likely development, given the incredible level of debts that have been loaded onto economies that are simply unable to pay.
Surrender under the Council Framework Decision creating the European Arrest Warrant is an entirely judicial procedure where the governments have absolutely no possibility of interfering in the process.
Surveillance should also be strengthened and illegal vessels impounded.
Suspicions that the Egyptian authorities turned a blind eye to or even encouraged religious violence should be dispersed by a firm undertaking that the Christian community will be safe in Egypt.
Sustainability, the protection of future generations, the desire for a healthy natural environment and the protection of quality of life - all of these are principles that, if I am not mistaken, can be found in the constitutions of all Member States, and that have been upheld in many supreme court judgments. I believe that this principle was never questioned by you, even during your time as President.
Sustainable forest management must aim to reconcile aspects relating to production and those relating to forest protection.
Sustainable, productive and competitive European agriculture enables the challenges of security of supply in the food and energy sectors, of climate change, of the environment and biodiversity, of health, and of demographic change in the EU to be met.
Syria's citizens have been demonstrating for nearly two months and they must not be left on their own to fight for democracy.
Take Libya, for instance: because of the absence of political consensus and proper military assets, a 'coalition of the willing' - a concept we were so adamantly opposed when others have used it before - had to be formed and NATO had to be called in to take command! Practically, Libya completely sidelined our CSDP, exactly at a time it was needed and, therefore, had the chance to demonstrate itself in practice! In consequence, my opinion is that we have to look again at our CSDP, to see what it really needs to become a functional concept, both politically and militarily, so next time we would need to appeal to it, it will not let us down like this time.
Take a look at who really holds the power in important organisations such as the European Nuclear Safety Regulators Group (ENSREG) and the Western European Nuclear Regulators Association (WENRA). Keep an eye on Dominique Ristori, a Commission official who is invisibly but inextricably linked with the nuclear lobby, and on other Commission officials.
Take the blinkers off! Bulgaria and Romania are absolutely not ready for Schengen.
Taken as a whole, the action plan is designed to ensure that the European market, too, can compete in this sector, the worldwide market value of which is forecast to further grow to EUR 230 billion by 2025.
Taken together, the unprecedented fiscal constraints on defence budgets, the many international crises and the United States' strategic redeployment are significant factors that leave us no choice but to take our destiny into our own hands.
Taking all of these important matters into account, I believe that our economic relations will achieve their full potential because they are supported by both sides.
Taking an ultra-liberal approach, the majority of Heads of State or Government in the Council are choosing to keep slashing budgets wildly and are willing to sacrifice investment in key forward-looking policies such as those funded by the European budget. A budget freeze will dent growth, no matter what other Members might say.
Taking into account established practice in this Parliament and the Opinion of the Committee on Legal Affairs, I agree with the rapporteur's position and am voting in favour of waiving the parliamentary immunity of our fellow Member, Mr Gollnisch.
Taking into account established practice in this Parliament, given that the application for parliamentary immunity is misused in this case, and in the light of the Opinion of the Committee on Legal Affairs, I agree with the rapporteur's position and am voting in favour of waiving the parliamentary immunity of our fellow Member, Mr Gollnisch.
Taking into account the changes in the relevant EU customs acquis, the proposal establishes a special regime between the EU and Andorra to ensure that trade runs smoothly between the two parties while maintaining a high level of security.
Taking into account the likelihood of the accession of new states to the euro area, this initiative provides a new opportunity to prevent the activity of money counterfeiters. I voted 'in favour'.
Taking into account the overall efficiency of criminal proceedings, these alternatives could include using the less coercive instruments of mutual legal assistance where possible, using video-conferencing for suspects, convoking someone for appearance before a judge by means of a summons, using the Schengen Information System to establish the place of residence of a suspect, or the use of the framework decision on the mutual recognition of financial penalties.
Taking into account the results of the evaluations and the necessary revisits carried out by teams of experts, the European Parliament and the Council have concluded that, although there are some outstanding issues that will require regular reporting and a follow-up, they do not constitute an obstacle to full Schengen membership for these two Member States. I support the proposal that Bulgaria and Romania should inform the European Parliament and the Council, in writing in the course of a six-month period, of further action that they intend to take as regards recommendations, submitted in assessment reports and mentioned in subsequent reports, which have yet to be implemented.
Taking into account the results of the evaluations and the necessary revisits carried out by the expert teams, it is evident that Romania is now in a position to implement the Schengen acquis fully, all the points meriting attention or reviewing have been remedied (improvement of risk assessment, upgrade of the security features of the buildings, improvement of the process for submitting and processing visa applications and so on) and, in some aspects, it could be considered as a model of best practice.
Taking into account the results of the evaluations and the visits carried out by teams of experts, I am completely in favour of full accession to the Schengen area for these two Member States, even though certain problems are still to be resolved and will require follow-up. I would add, however, that it would be unfortunate if new conditions, which were unknown at the time of the request and evaluation, were imposed along the way.
Taking into account these examples and our common experience in the past with the UN Human Rights Commission and, since 2006, with the UN Human Rights Council, we suggest that clear membership criteria should be introduced in the UNHRC, and the EU should stand firmly behind this initiative.
Taking into consideration the good of society and consumers in the European market, we try to simplify as many rules and regulations as possible so that they are transparent and able to be understood by every citizen. A case in point is the common agricultural policy.
Taking its lead from the Treaty of Lisbon, this text argues that the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) should form the basis for the collective defence of EU Member States.
Taking this lack into account, it's imperative to improve the governance system for the EU2020 Strategy, with greater integration of stakeholders at all stages.
Talking about the cultural aspects, it is that cultural element that I want to emphasise first because I know that this has been a significant preoccupation of Members of your Parliament.
Taxing fuel taken up in EU ports alone would lead to massive competitive distortions, to the detriment of EU fleets.
Technical readiness, as a result of the good work carried out by Bulgaria and Romania, is a positive finding, which is also being made by us today.
Temporary emergency measures are needed that will enable European fishers to overcome their difficult economic situation, but the Commission should also draw up a medium- and long-term plan aimed at improving fuel efficiency in the fisheries sector, including aquaculture.
Ten French regions should benefit from the creation of this new category, including Nord-Pas-de-Calais and Picardie.
Ten years ago, the European Union launched two satellite navigation programmes: Galileo and EGNOS (European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service). The first will be operational in 2014 and will be accurate to within less than a metre, whereas GPS is accurate to within several metres.
Tensions that are turning into open conflict are threatening to overshadow South Sudan's independence and plunge the region once again into chaos.
Terrorism must be condemned and those guilty of this crime must be punished without exception.
Textile and clothing imports from Belarus and North Korea, neither of which are members of the WTO, are still subject to quantitative restrictions.
Textile producers, especially the very smallest, now seem to have been abandoned by Europe, where big manufacturers - which have relocated - rule all.
Thank you again, from the bottom of my heart, for your cooperation in the last six months.
Thank you for all your work.
Thank you for organising this debate today. I believe that we agree on the fundamental principles and basic values, of which much has been said today, and even European integration philosophies have been discussed, and I have to say that most of the Members' speeches reflected this agreement between us. We also agree that the European Council has to tackle extremely difficult issues today. I would be more careful when using the word 'historical', because I think we depreciate the concept if we use it too often.
Thank you for reminding us of that and for making that nice mention. I would like the Council to be given a summary of this debate and, I hope, an outline of our votes tomorrow, which I believe will be very enlightening. I hope that Council will recognise that when the assembly representing European citizens says yes with a large majority to Bulgaria and Romania, as I hope it will, the Council should follow suit as soon as possible.
Thank you for this comment.
Thank you for your comprehensive answer. A couple of years ago the Commission announced that the main security threat now is climate change and that mankind has approximately 10 years in which to make the changes reversible. I personally am of the opinion that the economic crisis, revolutions in North Africa and now Fukushima have distracted attention from the fight against climate change.
Thank you for your patience.
Thank you for your reply, Commissioner. I understand that there are people bragging and conducting so-called criminal business on the Internet, and that gang business includes drug trafficking, human trafficking, prostitution, weapons trafficking, smuggling illegal immigrants across borders, even murder, theft, fraud, armed robbery and much more.
Thank you once again for your contributions. I am looking forward to the discussion. I can assure you that many of these thoughts and ideas will be incorporated into the proposal on the legal basis that we need for the next subsidy period, which we will be presenting in September this year.
Thank you very much also for your ongoing support for European regional policy and for its development.
Thank you very much indeed.
Thank you very much, Mrs Berès, for your initiative, and thanks to all of those who have said that they want to attempt to make progress on behalf of people who, as we all know, deserve protection.
Thank you, Mr President, and may I point out that this is the first time in 20 years that the clock has erred in my favour, giving me more time.
Thankfully, the EP and the Commission see that we are being unjustly and unfairly treated.
Thanks also to the members of the committee who have put forward their views for their valuable contributions.
Thanks to action by the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament, the European Parliament also argues in this report for two strong measures: as far as revenue is concerned, an in-depth reform of the own resources system, in particular, through the creation of a tax on financial transactions (Tobin tax); as far as expenditure is concerned, the creation of a category of 'intermediate regions' to increase solidarity between the territories of the EU and ensure a fairer distribution of the regional policy's Structural Funds.
Thanks to an amendment brought by the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament, this report underlines the need to find a new legal basis for legislation in nuclear matters in order for the interests of European citizens to be better represented on issues that are of such direct concern to them.
Thanks to the EAW, the Union has managed to reduce surrender times considerably, in many cases from one or two years to only one or two months.
Thanks to the Socialist Group's amendments now the report is more balanced and in line with the Commission Communication which recognises the need for further reform of the CAP in view of the changing nature of the farming industry in the EU27 and of the new international context of globalisation.
Thanks to the Treaty of Lisbon, Parliament has gained additional powers and corresponding responsibilities, and must now monitor the conduct of negotiations and the conclusion of air agreements more closely.
Thanks to the agreement which has been reached and the joint measures taken, the European Union is becoming a model for the functioning of a world order based on international law.
Thanks to the regulations on providing information about delivery areas, giving prices inclusive of all taxes and the standard 14-day right to cancel, this directive is likely to boost consumer confidence in cross-border transactions.
Thanks to the work of Vice-President Reding, after ten years, we are finally making progress in harmonising procedural standards.
Thanks to them, we have maintained an extremely cohesive position throughout this very lengthy trialogue and I think that the only positive aspect of the dossier is that the European Parliament has been united in defending public health and the interests of consumers.
Thanks to these and strict adherence to the rules established by the new Stability and Growth Pact, I am sure that the EU will gain in strength and will be able to face new challenges without assistance policies and, worse still, outdated slogans that lead nowhere and do only damage, especially among the weakest members of society.
Thanks to these restrictions, we will achieve greater safety on the roads and better driving conditions for all road users.
Thanks very much to Professor Lieblová and her students for their major contribution to furthering our understanding of European history, and for their commitment to the moral values that inspire the Union.
Thanks, among other things, to wage dumping in Germany, for example, the core countries strengthened their export position, and the peripheral countries became uncompetitive outlets for their products and capital.
That European Arrest Warrant, by its nature, outflanks and bypasses legal protections from arbitrary arrest, and 500 million people in Europe are subject to it, while there are now just 171 detainees at Guantánamo.
That also applies to elements that are specific to the country or culture of the individual partners.
That also applies to the group to which I belong, the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats). Some of the speeches made on behalf of the groups unfortunately demonstrate how unsuccessful the representatives of the groups have so far been within their own parties in their own home countries in achieving their objectives.
That also means doing more to promote opportunities and ensuring fairer access to information.
That and reverse qualified majority voting are points on which adjustments are still being made, and there is no conclusion on them yet. I am particularly grateful for Commissioner Rehn's positive contribution but, if there is to be an agreement, it will have to be based on the legal text - on the articles section - including of course Article 32, Article 42 and recital 11-A, as has been widely debated. I would therefore be grateful if you would bear this issue in mind, because it is one that cuts across the interests of several Members of this House and several political groups, as you have seen.
That brings me to the partnerships which will provide a framework for aligning instruments and resources, bringing all the key actors together.
That cannot be the European Union's intention. I take it that you will take this strong signal from Parliament with you to the Agriculture Ministers' Council.
That concludes the 'catch the eye' procedure and I apologise to the 11 or 12 Members who were on the list and have been unable to speak, but clearly there is no time for their speeches.
That contradicts the principle of symmetry and equal attention being paid to both neighbourhoods.
That demonstrates real awareness and represents a positive and necessary change.
That does nothing to help build confidence in European legal systems.
That flag has represented liberal democracy far more than any other Member State of this European Union and it will go on long after your star-spangled banner has disappeared.
That has still not transpired.
That indication is, in fact, contained in the proposal for a regulation on 'Made in' origin marking, which was adopted in this Chamber on 21 October 2010, which introduces a control mechanism and aims to simplify the legislation in force with a view to creating a better, clearer legislative framework for companies and for consumer protection.
That involves a demanding degree of coordination of the Member States' positions, but it would result in the increased coherence, visibility and credibility of EU actions at international level.
That is 500 000 tonnes of broken TVs, computers and phones, but over half of this is not recorded as being recycled - it just disappears - and that is only in my own country.
That is a bad thing, because it represents a policy that dates from the last century, because it represents an outdated approach which merely takes sanctions regimes from political techniques and not incentives, or smart taxation, or balanced approaches such as have been represented by us. Various sides of the House have made sufficient pragmatic proposals to allow a balanced package to be tabled.
That is a direct quote from paragraph 2. I think that is premature support when we do not have impact assessments on the environmental and social effects of an FTA.
That is a lot of money, ladies and gentlemen, but we have never had a serious debate about it. We have never debated where this museum should be located and what it should look like.
That is a procedural point and you should bring it before the competent committee.
That is a recipe for gross exploitation. I reject the call for the increased involvement of private higher-education institutions in the expansion of vocational training and instead demand meaningful training opportunities provided through massive public investment.
That is a slippery slope that could result in serious imbalances and, hence, unfair treatment of the poorest countries.
That is a vision of the added value of Europe and that is why we need a European budget.
That is all well and good. I would now like to ask you the following question: what do you intend to do if the Council does not change its position? Will you reject the package? Will we have a second reading? If so, then we are ready to fight this all the way with you.
That is already a first victory; in any event, it represents a real break from the culture of secrecy that has characterised this sector for more than forty years now.
That is also necessary in order to create a level playing field in terms of competition.
That is also the reason why, through the benchmark system, we have ensured that the sectors most exposed to carbon leakage will get almost all of their allowances for free.
That is also why we need a genuinely and effectively functioning mechanism to identify and correct macroeconomic imbalances, in order to prevent the kind of crises we have seen, for instance in Ireland or the credit boom we have seen in Spain.
That is an inevitable reality - the question is 'when?' I believe, and I fear that that will happen when all the guarantees and all the money has been paid out to Greece.
That is because all the essential ingredients of a person's life are established during the first few years, and so it is probably true that if children have a secure basic upbringing, a secure living environment, they will also have the chance to succeed in the future.
That is because we are talking about the Boreal forests, about a quarter of the world's virgin forests, and this mining activity will put those forests and local biodiversity and first nations at risk.
That is deplorable.
That is exactly what they do, and nothing could be rewarded less in the prices currently being achieved at market.
That is fantastic news, as it means that the Dutch Government can exercise its right to only approve the budget if it complies with the absolute no rises rule that my Dutch Government advocates. I call on the Netherlands and like-minded European Member States to go on and make full use of that right.
That is how best to benefit the rest of the world with the example of European democracy, but it also benefits the European Union, because we will be able to learn from others.
That is how we answer when European law is at stake.
That is just one example of how CETA will interfere with domestic policy in Canada.
That is laudable, because when I hear the representative of the European Council say 'We have not discussed this in the Council', and when I hear Commissioner Reding say 'A country's constitution is up to that country alone and it is not for us, at European level, to interfere with that', then I am glad that we in the European Parliament are, indeed, having this debate amongst ourselves.
That is more than the automotive industry and the agri-food industry put together.
That is my response to the comments made by the Commissioner and the President of the Commission on the second pillar.
That is not appropriate in this case.
That is not necessarily the case - it can also relate to social innovation.
That is not something we can take for granted when there is a debate that includes the discharge of the Council. I would therefore like to address you directly, Mr Becsey. I am pleased that the Council is prepared to recognise - as I took from the comments made by Mr Deutsch - that the budget proceedings and the discharge procedure must be dealt with differently.
That is not sufficient for this discharge procedure. I, along with my fellow Members, would therefore like us to work towards reforming the discharge process.
That is not to say that the other aspects are unimportant, but if we can focus on trade so as to help bring about and create wealth in India, and help entrepreneurs in India to create wealth and jobs in their own villages and towns, that will be to the benefit of all.
That is of little comfort to those in Ireland who will suffer greatly in the event of an accident.
That is one of the positive elements. I am no enthusiast, but I did defend this in my group because we now have an important principle - the internalisation of external costs - incorporated into European legislation for the first time.
That is precisely what is not being tested. I live on the border with France and Luxembourg and there are four nuclear power stations in Cattenom.
That is precisely why it is necessary for a mechanism to be developed here that cannot be politically torpedoed.
That is precisely why the concerns expressed by many speakers about the imbalance in terms of the repercussions of its application in the regions of the Union and in the road transport sector - some of which are justified - need to be overcome.
That is pretty much the case in many areas with Japan, but I recognise Japan's right, for instance, to protect its rice market, to protects its rice farmers, to pay its farmers higher prices than those on world markets and to say no to massive imports which would obliterate its peasant farmer population, in the same way that I recognise our economies' rights to protect certain sectors of their activity.
That is simply unsellable to taxpayers around Europe and it does not enhance the credibility of the EU institutions.
That is something that should be made clear to Russia at the summit.
That is something that we will also do in Parliament.
That is surely why this revision of the Hungarian constitution is being debated in the European Parliament and has been the subject of consideration by two of this House's committees in particular, namely, the Committee on Constitutional Affairs (AFCO) and the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs (LIBE).
That is the European added value that all groups in this Chamber accepted in the Policy Challenges (SURE) Committee this year.
That is the best way to ensure that we have a well-functioning Internal Market. I would like to finish by expressing my sincere thanks once again to all my fellow Members for their outstanding cooperation. I think we have achieved a very good result.
That is the case with the budget of the European Union as well as in Member States.
That is the core of the problem, and now we are living out the consequences and we are at a turning point.
That is the idea expressed in paragraph 9 of the report.
That is the kind of instruments that we will be proposing. I would also like to thank Parliament for supporting us in this key aim, which will provide reassurance to farmers in the future.
That is the main task that we as politicians should set ourselves.
That is the objective of the economic governance package, of which this report by my colleague Mrs Wortmann-Kool is a part.
That is the objective of the economic governance package, of which this report by my fellow Member Mrs Ferreira is a part.
That is the objective of the economic governance package, of which this report by my fellow Member Mrs Goulard is a part.
That is the only way it will be possible to create the necessary market confidence and, consequently, to secure investment as well as the purchase of applications and services.
That is the only way to prevent a successful instrument being permanently damaged and confidence in these measures being lost.
That is the only way we will achieve a Europe that is stronger and more founded on solidarity and inclusiveness.
That is the primary structural surplus that Greece needs, and debt restructuring would not solve this very fundamental fact.
That is the problem with the whole communication because, if this means that the Commission is proposing an additional possibility for the reintroduction of border controls, not provided for in the existing Schengen acquis, I can tell you that our Group will fight such a proposal with all available means, and I hope the entire Parliament will do likewise.
That is the purpose of the budgetary complementarity that we want to achieve through this convention-style conference, a proposal that we made to the Council during the conciliation procedure and that we have reiterated in this report.
That is the question of what the citizens of the net contributors would say.
That is the reason we have started discussions with the financial institutions, with our Member States, with those who are engaged in wanting to support these countries, because helping them deal with deficits when tourism has collapsed, when the economy is not working properly, matters right now.
That is the reason why the Commission has launched a consultation on policy options in the field of contract law, in response to which Parliament is giving its opinion today.
That is the virtue of integrated planning.
That is the work we do and we need to have the means to do it. Information technology must be delivered and all the rest, but with regard to everything that goes any further than that, we have to be very critical, to ensure that it is actually connected with the work that we are here to do.
That is to say, from now on and for the moment, many Lorca citizens will be homeless. A large portion of Lorca citizens have also lost their places of work and with them have gone their hopes, expectations and opportunities.
That is unfair, and it hinders the environmentally friendly railways while relieving the environmentally unfriendly roads.
That is very clear.
That is what I see as the biggest threat, in other words, that conflicts concerning various side issues take the focus away from the main issue.
That is what has been happening and, in my opinion, it has been disastrous not only for Schengen but also for the European Union and its image because the reintroduction of internal border checks contradicts the whole essence of the Union and the basic principles of the Treaty.
That is what makes European territorial cooperation the embodiment of European integration and an extraordinary source of competitiveness.
That is what the conversation today with you and the Council must be about.
That is what the voters expect of us. I must therefore point out to you that at present you cannot tell whether a Member State is buying defence hardware, fighter aircraft or investing in its education system of tomorrow.
That is what we need. I am well aware that it is an onerous task that we are setting you, Mr Daul, but I know that you are capable of rising to this challenge.
That is what we propose in this report, with support for the plan to create an intermediate category of regions, which will enable a distribution of Structural Funds that is more in accordance with the real economic and social situations of our territories.
That is what we should be talking about in Europe and it must apply throughout Europe.
That is why - and this is also addressed to Mr Gauzès, who mentioned rating agencies - we are including this action, the specific topic of tonight's sitting, everything that we are doing patiently, week after week, in the major European financial and economic governance project, and we have more work to do yet. I do not have a problem with using the word federation in the context of this major project; I think it was Mr Giegold who used that word earlier.
That is why I agree with the rapporteur on the need to focus on reversibility, in the hope that research will soon result in the definitive transmutation of spent fuel and radioactive waste so that it can be used for other purposes.
That is why I agree with the rapporteur that it is time to act now and to see what positive action we can take.
That is why I also voted for the amendment banning the installation of nuclear waste management facilities in seismic or coastal areas where there are significant risks of rises in sea levels and tsunamis.
That is why I am arguing so strongly for increased resources for the new generation of education, training and youth programmes for the period after 2013.
That is why I am in favour of the report by my fellow Member, Brian Simpson, on the implementation of a set of criteria for evaluating the content of these agreements. I also think that there is a need to promote balanced market access and investment opportunities, as well as fair competition, particularly with regard to public subsidies and social and environmental standards.
That is why I ask for your support and the adoption of this amendment.
That is why I believe Mr Verhofstadt is right when he says that we must, of course, be prepared to take up joint initiatives such as the establishment of the European External Action Service, while at the same time making savings at national level.
That is why I call on the Commission to carry out constant monitoring of the outlook for possible changes in the EU jobs market, so that Member States can continuously adapt their vocational training programmes to the needs of the market.
That is why I can also agree to temporary border check arrangements, as my fellow member Mr Iacolino suggested. I am very well aware that we cannot get burden-sharing up and running at the first attempt.
That is why I endorsed the report by our fellow Member, Mrs Serracchiani, on the conclusion of the Agreement between the European Union and the Republic of Croatia on the participation of the Republic of Croatia in the work of the EMCDDA.
That is why I find your question surprising. I think that you are dreaming when you simply claim that we have come up with compromises and that these are unambiguous.
That is why I have called on the Commission to put forward proposals aimed at supplementing Regulation (EU) No 995/2010 on timber in order to ensure that timber and products derived from such timber placed on the European market all come from sustainably managed forests.
That is why I once again wish to express my deepest sympathies to the Japanese people.
That is why I support the proposals for the system of national contributions, which places disproportionate emphasis on net balances between Member States instead of on the principle of European solidarity and the European common interest, to be slowly replaced by the Union's own resources, which the Union would collect directly and independently of national budgets.
That is why I voted for the report.
That is why I voted in favour of Mrs McCarthy's report.
That is why I voted in favour of this own-initiative report, which highlights, in particular, the concept of social innovation and emphasises the active role that regions and local authorities can play in innovation.
That is why I welcome this report, which contributes to a stricter and safer waste policy, treats every Member State equally and highlights the responsibilities of waste producers.
That is why I will present my position on behalf of the Commission tomorrow evening to all 27 nuclear watchdog bodies, based on thorough groundwork, telling them that we need to take all risks into consideration, regardless of their origin.
That is why I would urge you not to allow yourself to be manipulated by members of the Council of Ministers, but rather to set down clear, common, verifiable standards, so that these stress tests fulfil their purpose.
That is why Member States must take all the measures necessary to ensure and maintain a maximum level of security in European power plants and a maximum level of protection for citizens.
That is why angry Greek workers have taken to the streets and squares, fighting to get austerity policies overturned, to defend their income and to defend their labour and social rights, real growth and a better future for Greece and Europe.
That is why any evaluation of the Seventh Framework Programme (FP7) of the European Community for research, technological development and demonstration activities should be linked to the objectives of the Europe 2020 strategy and its implementation. I am convinced that, through research and development, Europe can manage to find efficient and effective responses to the energy problem, to the challenges of climate change, and to improving European competitiveness and productivity, leading us to a new growth cycle that is more sustainable this time.
That is why creating an optional instrument that will operate as a standard for SMEs alongside national rules, by broadening the parties' options, is the right strategy.
That is why it calls for direct support to be given to active farmers, thereby excluding poor farmers forced to work outside agriculture.
That is why it is crucial to raise domestic workers' professional profile and improve their image.
That is why it is essential that we protect and maintain the some EUR 1.7 billion which Ireland annually receives under the CAP. A strongly funded common agricultural policy will protect Europe's food security, contribute to our climate change targets and maintain employment in our rural communities. I am pleased that the report recognises the role played by the fisheries and aquaculture sectors in maintaining employment in coastal, island and remote regions. I believe that we must direct more funding to these communities under the European Fisheries Fund post-2013.
That is why it is extremely important for the Member States to meet the Europe 2020 target and invest at least 3% of GDP into research and development.
That is why it is important that such an agreement should be reached on a democratic basis and that citizen's should remain confident in the controlling role of Parliament.
That is why it is important to create an effective mechanism empowering the Member States, under certain conditions, to continue negotiating and concluding bilateral investment agreements.
That is why it is important to make the point that, in discussing the 700 MHz band, we are not saying anything more than that we shall have the opportunity to take decisions later on the best way of using it. As has been said, spectrum is a scarce resource, but it is also a public good, and we have the responsibility to use it as well and as efficiently as possible - a point that Ms Trautmann also made.
That is why it is important, in the context of the Staff Regulations reform, that vacancies should be created for these new tasks, so that the Commission itself can also get involved.
That is why it is so important to promote freedom of movement for workers within the Union.
That is why it was so important, as the Presidency outlined, to work with Member States to find a swift solution to this so that borders could be lifted as soon as possible.
That is why long-term impact assessments are required in relation to the relevant chapters and aspects of any economic and trade policy cooperation agreed in the future between the 27 EU Member States and Japan.
That is why my group opposed the present text presented by the European right and stressed the need to launch specific impact studies assessing the consequences of stronger trade relations for all the sectors concerned (in particular, the automotive sector) and for employment in Europe, before we open any negotiations.
That is why my group wishes to emphasise a number of points in these negotiations, which should culminate in an agreement that helps achieve the objectives of sustainable development and poverty eradication, and which should also be accompanied by clear and verifiable commitments, on the basis of cooperation, of course, but then coupled with serious social and environmental commitments.
That is why our group will vote unreservedly in favour of this text.
That is why the Commission communication stressed the value of providing income aid in addition to the second pillar payments made to areas with natural constraints, which will continue to be awarded.
That is why the Commission has launched a public consultation on the simplification and improvement of public procurement rules, and I hope this will lead to a much simpler and more efficient system.
That is why the Commission has started to set up procedural rights for persons who are taken into custody.
That is why the Commission must provide incentives, both at European and national level, for investment in new technologies, in order to increase energy efficiency in maritime, land and air transport.
That is why the Copenhagen process which, since 2002, has been laying the foundations of greater cooperation in terms of the Member States' policies with regard to vocational education and training, is particularly important. I voted for this resolution because it sets ambitious objectives to improve the European programmes for education and training.
That is why the Council has proposed, and is ready to discuss, new arrangements for governing the long-term cooperation between our two institutions involved in the discharge procedure.
That is why the EU has implemented the Europe 2020 strategy, which aims to focus greater attention on vocational education and training.
That is why the European Parliament has very warmly welcomed the proposals in the 'Youth on the Move' report: increasing investment in higher education, developing international mobility programmes, recognising informally acquired competences, combating early school-leaving and supporting young people in entering the labour market.
That is why the Green Paper will kick off a public consultation, which will run until 30 November and will help to explore more closely the links between detention issues and mutual trust in Europe's area of justice.
That is why the Hungarian Presidency has been committed to put demographic issues on the agenda, to help each other see which Member States have been very successful in the field of demographic policy, in the field of family policy.
That is why the Union cannot ratify ILO conventions itself.
That is why the call today by the European Parliament (the Merkies report) for a genuine 'change in mentality' is important, because innovation is not just about technological inventions or the number of patents filed per inhabitant.
That is why the use of reversed qualified majority voting is so important and so fundamental for Parliament.
That is why there is a need to review the current legislation, so as to facilitate access to financing; to reduce administrative costs and all bureaucracy; to encourage energy saving, as only 24% of companies currently recognise its importance; to improve businesses' technology through eco-innovation; to promote improved levels of qualification, education and professional training; and to promote internationalisation and good governance. I therefore welcome the adoption of this resolution, and I hope that all SMEs will benefit from these measures and become prosperous, as all Europeans would benefit.
That is why they are rejecting it, which could be extremely risky.
That is why this evening, at the end of this debate, the European Commission is renewing its desire to press ahead with origin labelling.
That is why we are asking the Council to maintain the level of expenditure for these two policies beyond 2013.
That is why we are gearing this policy programme not only to free up the 800 MHz band, but also to free up additional bands amounting to at least 1 200 MHz by 2015.
That is why we are saying here that the euro area itself is under threat; that the future of the European Union could be its implosion, and that a change of policy is needed ...
That is why we back a debate on alternative ways to fund the EU, cutting the amount coming from VAT and the national budget through options such as coordinated measures addressing the under-taxed financial sector.
That is why we feel that screening should have been carried out in the Damüls-Mellau ski area before the expansion took place in order to establish whether an EIA was necessary for the project.
That is why we have introduced rules on competition-proofing.
That is why we have put forward this set of proposals, in which in particular we clearly and unequivocally advocate the system of production quotas adapted to each Member State according to its food requirements, thus ensuring that farmers in countries such as Portugal are protected.
That is why we have tabled this oral question and this motion for a resolution before the House, given that this aid does not cost the EU budget anything and that, furthermore, the increase in aid being requested falls far short of the de minimis aid received by other sectors, such as transport or agriculture.
That is why we have to focus our energy on providing wide-ranging, high-quality education and, furthermore, pay attention to the perspective of gender, so that the underlying causes of youth unemployment can be eliminated.
That is why we in the Group of the Greens want the EU2020 objectives to be fully binding in the Stability and Growth Pact and in the reports, and also the deficit and debt objectives.
That is why we need business incubators linking the business world and universities, whose task it would be to promote the commercial exploitation of research findings.
That is why we need preventive budgetary surveillance and effective enforcement as proposed in the package and indeed by your rapporteurs and your committee.
That is why we need to establish a genuine 28th system, by which I mean an additional, autonomous European protection mechanism to go alongside those available in the national courts.
That is why we need to sort out the smaller ones.
That is why we refused to grant discharge to a number of them and abstained on the resolutions that accompanied them.
That is why we voted against it.
That is why we want to find a balance within the CAP, rather than pitting food concerns against environmental issues.
That is why we wanted to send a strong message of support to the International Labour Organisation (ILO) and the trades unions prior to the negotiations on the adoption of these new instruments, which will commence in June at the 100th International Labour conference.
That is why we will vote against this and the other reports on fiscal surveillance.
That is why, and I think that everybody in this House agrees, the Arrest Warrant is an important tool to catch criminals and to render our criminal justice systems more effective.
That is why, last January, my colleague, Mr Lambrinidis and I submitted a written statement calling for the harmonisation of detention standards throughout the European Union, and the introduction of independent national inspection mechanisms.
That is why, quite simply and in the name of all those who have suffered on both sides, I say that this House can only support this report in order to shed more light and have more justice.
That is, indeed, an innovative assumption, but I think it is a matter of character.
That is, it ends up calling for the same type of monetarist and neoliberal policies and criteria, tightening the veritable stranglehold imposed on the Member States, without a care for the causes of the problems, or for alternative policies that take into account economies' different levels of development.
That is, to a large extent, the view of the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats), if not all the delegations, as we support the internalisation of the costs in all types of transport and we also support the use of resources to promote mobility.
That it why I will vote in favour of the recommendation.
That may be part of the answer but, as you say, it is going to involve a lot of discussion both here in Parliament and also at Member State level.
That may be possible in some cases, but I hope that when these decisions are being implemented nationally, it will be realised that it is heavy goods traffic that is paying for it. These funds could be used for improving, repairing and building roads and would, in this way, be of benefit to heavy goods traffic.
That means that not everything is completed with a single, one-off action but that confidence must be built over the long run; investment in security must be ensured over the long term.
That means that the Member States would have to give up further large portions of sovereignty over foreign policy to EU bodies, which would be charged with reaching a common position to be presented in the international community and in all multilateral forums. I cannot agree with this prospect: the Member States would no longer be able to establish their own foreign policies on the basis of what they deem to be national priorities.
That means that the economically strongest nations, as a minority, share control of the global economy among themselves, so to speak.
That means that there are 43 heads of companies that are at least as powerful as the Polish Prime Minister.
That means that we are also indicating a course of direction in this connection and, as has just been said, what we have introduced in this regard is not mandatory, with the result that those who favour the internalisation of costs are certainly not satisfied in that respect. I personally would also have liked this to have been mandatory in all Member States.
That means that we can make a start on the process of charging for all external costs for all modes of transport in order to improve your economy along with your sustainability.
That means that we have here a non-functioning of the Internal Market both for businesses and for consumers.
That means that, when national governments are wavering due to internal issues, we do not have an instrument that we can activate in order to implement what might be a solution to our problems.
That means the same in Benghazi, Misrata and the Mediterranean: it means saving those who are shipwrecked.
That means we need to get organised and get organised now.
That must also be stated.
That opens great opportunities for the individual, who can move where there are jobs, and also for the economy.
That really is my huge topic right now, so I urge the Commissioner to please keep on track and focus also on the future, to create something like a statute for internships which establishes rules against exploitation ...
That really would read like 'EU economics for dummies'.
That requires access to Internet and broadband applications with the greatest capacity and the highest speed.
That said, I believe that the issues addressed by Mr Audy and Mrs Carvalho - on which I will focus in other speeches - are all worthy of note.
That said, I endorse what has been said by other Members, who believe that we need to vote in favour of this, as otherwise, everything will go down the drain. I am voting in favour, with a heavy heart, and the thought that it is a good thing that we have come this far, but there must be much more progress in the future.
That said, I support the efforts towards guaranteeing the quality and accessibility of learning mobility, and I would highlight the rapporteur's mention of the importance of encouraging more Member States to sign up to the Commission's Quality Charter for Mobility.
That said, and although it is not directly related to this measure, I would also like to highlight the importance of maintaining the status quo in terms of the current World Trade Organisation (WTO) rules, particularly as regards the world market for textiles and clothing, very specifically, the changes to the rules on importing textiles and clothing products into the EU at a time of severe economic downturn in various Member States.
That said, in the light of the increased pressure on some external borders and the calls from Member States to strengthen the system of the Schengen rules, the Council needs to look into how we can further guarantee the principle of free movement and, at the same time, citizens' need for maintenance of a high level of internal security.
That seems utopian to me in view of the ongoing events in the Middle East and in the Mediterranean countries. I voted against the report because it seeks to limit national powers while creating new agencies and tackling new military operations, which would entail increased spending, and it also wants to give added momentum to Turkey's accession negotiations.
That should go hand in hand with real progress in the area of democracy and the rule of law.
That sort of leakage has its cost, and what comes out of this deteriorating atmosphere around Greece is not helping Greece.
That was a major step, a difficult step, facing all that resistance.
That was not to be, on account of the fact that this is a sensitive subject, particularly when it comes to how to deal with the old agreements.
That was our position.
That was the conclusion reached by the European Council in June 2006, when it called on the European Union and its Member States to extend the national accounts to key aspects of sustainable development. I welcome this initiative and the European Commission's proposal, as it will help improve our knowledge of air emissions, environmental taxes and material flows in the economy.
That was the conclusion reached by the European Council in June 2006, when it called on the European Union and its Member States to extend the national accounts to key aspects of sustainable development. I welcome this initiative and the European Commission's proposal, as it will help improve our knowledge of air emissions, environmental taxes, and so on.
That was written 21 years ago and, as the President of the Commission said, that is precisely what we are being called on to do today: to keep the dream alive and to tighten controls on the Italian, Greek and southern European borders as a whole, because the southern borders of united Europe are the borders of the other states - of Germany, France and Belgium, for example.
That we should objectively assess the consequences of a piece of legislation before taking it any further, rather than seeking by all means to justify it. And that it is not up to the Commission services, judges, parties and torturers all together to preside over this assessment. I do not know whether the solutions put forward by the rapporteur are the right ones.
That will be a moment of glory for the European Union.
That will benefit everyone in rural areas.
That will form part of the performance audit under Article 318 of the Treaty of Lisbon.
That will happen until they recognise that the creation of the single currency in the image of the German mark was based on false assumptions, which only served the interests of powerful economic and financial groups, and that that is the fundamental cause of the exacerbation of the crises ...
That will require not only agreement amongst ourselves, but also consultations with our neighbours and in particular in partnership with the countries of Northern Africa, and it will need to take into account a wide range of factors such as international protection, migration, mobility and security.
That will, I hope, give confidence to colleagues in this House as to our approach in these negotiations.
That would be completely impossible without the European Union. I still remember when we had to overcome many difficulties in order to travel from my country, Portugal, to Spain.
That would be the wrong approach. I would therefore like to ask the Commission whether it is planning to create new positions within the Commission for the collection of the data, or whether it will manage with its existing staff, because I think it is very important that the collection of this data does not result in new burdens.
That would be unfortunate.
That would enable consumers to have access to competitive cross-border offers, benefitting from better choice, better prices and the clear advantages of the internal market, whilst also enabling them to place greater trust in a high level of protection of their rights.
That would give us something to work with, particularly where young people are concerned and those who know that we will need new agreements on common goals in the future in order to be able to bring Europe out of the shadows and to the forefront in this brutal competition with the United States, China and many other powers.
That would help to establish a level playing field while facilitating the investment climate.
That, Commissioner, is the challenge we are setting for the European Commission.
That, of course, includes access to social security, health and safety protection and maternity protection, as well as provisions on working and rest time.
The 'Energy and Climate Change' package also envisages the introduction of the Clean Development Mechanism, which allows Member States to make energy-efficient investments and use the carbon credits in developing countries.
The 'GDP and beyond - Measuring progress in a changing world' initiative is a complementary instrument capable of contributing to improving analysis and political debate.
The 'Innovation Union' initiative still remains the most important Union initiative for developing an integrated European strategy in relation to research and innovation.
The 'Small Business Act' is aimed at increasing entrepreneurship in Europe and helping businesses grow.
The 'Youth on the Move' flagship initiative of the Europe 2020 strategy aims to enhance the attractiveness of higher education in Europe, the overall quality of all levels of education and training and student and worker mobility through the more effective use of existing European programmes.
The 'Youth on the Move' initiative also focuses on promoting learning mobility, with it also being essential to ensure that the education they are receiving is compatible with the needs of the labour market to equip them with the skills and knowledge they will need.
The 'Youth on the Move' initiative is one of the seven flagship initiatives of the European Commission's Europe 2020 strategy for promoting smart, sustainable and inclusive growth.
The 'Youth on the Move' programme included in the Europe 2020 strategy is therefore an important collection of programmes to support the youngest people, with objectives that are ambitious but very clear, in which I see myself and in which I hope the people at whom it is aimed will participate significantly.
The 'Youth on the Move' report submitted to us is a step in the right direction on certain points and conveys a number of messages to the Commission and to Member States.
The 'cultural industries' and, as a consequence, the cultural goods that they produce, cannot be likened to enterprises like any other, on the grounds that they are producers of wealth and potentially job creators.
The 'governance' package should be offset by a European investment plan which guarantees economically and socially sustainable development.
The 'herd behaviour' of the financial markets is an inescapable phenomenon, leading to speculative bubbles which later burst.
The 'more' that you promised us is not enough and, of course, it is very important for you to put pressure on a joint neighbouring country of ours, the Czech Republic, which, as far as I understand it, would prefer to not take part in any kind of more critical test, in particular, with regard to crimes.
The 'polluter pays' principle has been introduced for the first time in this sector in order to encourage safer and more sustainable transport, and hence to promote alternatives such as rail transport.
The 'user pays' and 'polluter pays' principle will inevitably continue.
The 'voluntary' registration process is actually mandatory, as only registered lobbyists will be granted access to Parliament. I also welcome the adoption of the 'legislative footprint': the idea of publishing the names of the people one has met when drafting reports is, to my mind, a perfectly normal transparency measure.
The 100th session of the ILO began last week: it will focus on a new ILO convention on domestic workers, an issue which this House discussed recently.
The 1941 deportations delivered a devastating blow to democratic civil society.
The 1998 Council Regulation introduced instruments for controlling the import of textile products, which enabled the WTO Agreement to be implemented.
The 20% renewable energy requirement is the first time that we have had a European process that impacts on the decision in relation to the energy mix otherwise decided solely by the Member States themselves.
The 2008 Health Check reconfirmed climate change as one of the major challenges to be addressed, and already measures in relation to forestry - for example, afforestation - can be supported under the rural development policy.
The 2009 report by the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction (EMCDDA) confirmed that the situation has deteriorated in relation to drugs such as cocaine, heroin and new synthetic drugs, and it has seen persistently high levels of consumption and a spiralling upward trend in this regard.
The 2010 World Social Security Report of the International Labour Organisation (ILO) mentions that more than 50% of workers lack social protection.
The 2011 Joint Employment Report, which is based on the Commission's assessment of the Member States' draft national reform programmes, calls on them to improve the functioning of the labour market by introducing more employment-friendly tax systems and by making work pay, ensuring that wages reflect developments in productivity, introducing flexible working arrangements to facilitate the further integration of women into the labour market, ensuring that pension reforms include a more direct link between later retirement and increased pension entitlements, removing incentives for people to retire early and linking unemployment benefits with the business cycle.
The 2012 budget can and must be the first step in taking concrete measures towards this strategy, which is the tool that has been chosen precisely for the relaunch of our Union.
The 2012 draft budget should take this situation into account, supporting production in each Member State, wealth creation, the combating of unemployment and the creation of jobs with rights, the combating of social inequality and poverty, and the defence and promotion of public services.
The 2020 strategy aims to raise the level of tertiary education to 40% and to reduce the share of early school leavers to 10%. To achieve this goal, every Member State must aim to go in this direction.
The 32 crimes included only relate to organised crime, unless piglets or ties are being stolen by armed and organised criminal gangs.
The 58 reactors in France or those in the United Kingdom or those in many other countries do not mean that the French or others may be more stupid or less intelligent, or that the future of their children does not worry them, or that they have never thought about nuclear safety.
The ALDE Group applauds UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon's report and initiative on Sri Lanka.
The Action Plan on Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) Applications outlines the steps that are essential to the GNSS passing a turning point and guaranteeing project success.
The African Union has an important role to play and, with the help of the EU and the UN, must keep its eyes open at this critical time so as to prevent any return to war. I welcome the Council announcement on more economic aid for South Sudan and I support the recommendation to maintain EU humanitarian aid to the area after 9 July. I consider that both proposals are necessary and will help in establishing South Sudan as an independent state and in any emergency that may arise.
The Agency must take measures to implement the recommendations.
The Agreement between the European Union and the Republic of Croatia represents an efficient means for the EU and Croatia to reduce and impede the trade in, and consumption of, drugs on the basis of the sharing of data and experience in relation to drugs and their abuse, and in light of the fact that one EU citizen dies of an overdose every hour.
The Agreement broadly follows the structure of the existing Bilateral Aviation Safety Agreements (BASA) between the Member States and Canada.
The Agreement is a vital tool in ensuring that the EU is well equipped to combat illegal, unreported and unregulated (IUU) fishing in our waters.
The Agreement is as important as the aviation industries of these two areas are, so the adoption of common rules will avoid duplication of processes such as tests, assessments and certifications.
The Agreement represents an important step forward in terms of establishing international standards for civil aviation safety and should serve as a starting point for future negotiations with other significant producers of aircraft and equipment. I support Silvia-Adriana Ticau.
The Agreement that is the subject of this report concerns certain safety aspects of civil aviation and will replace the six existing bilateral agreements between the Member States and Canada, which include product certification.
The Agreement will contribute to the successful implementation of the Water Framework Directive, to protecting the environment, improving the living standards of local inhabitants and strengthening good neighbourly relations in a particularly sensitive area of the Balkans.
The Agreement will not only make the Canadian and European markets more competitive, it will also make them safer as regulators and enforcement authorities are moving closer to cooperation in all matters of certification, inspections and enforcement, to ensure the highest level of safety for passengers and cargo flights.
The Agreement will not only make the Canadian and European markets more competitive, it will also make them safer for passengers and cargo flights, as it promotes cooperation in all matters of certification, inspections and enforcement.
The Agreement will on the one hand increase the competitiveness of aviation markets, and on the other hand - by bringing together regulatory authorities - will also improve their safety.
The Albertini report on the annual report from the Council to the European Parliament on the main aspects and basic choices of the common foreign and security policy (CFSP) in 2009 represents an important crossroads for the future of the Union's foreign policy.
The American film maker James Cameron spent on his film 'Avatar' the equivalent of the European Union's 'culture' programme for the 2007-2013 period.
The Annex contains examples of some good practices, and among them, in the part concerning the Single Market, it mentions the fact that 22 Member States have set up operational one-stop shops (points of single contact). I would like to remind everyone that these points were set up pursuant to the Services Directive.
The Arsenis report demonstrates the European Parliament's concern for forestry policy.
The Azerbaijani Government is losing its credibility by breaching conventions it has itself signed up to, such as the Council of Europe and the European Convention on Human Rights.
The Azeri authorities have seemingly failed to understand that dialogue needs to be established between them and civil society, and not pressure being exerted by the authorities on society.
The Baltic countries should also, however, participate more robustly in this peace and stability development.
The Banking Authority is making considerable efforts by carrying out a strict assessment of the results of this exercise.
The Bulgaria-Turkey-Greece area is one of the most sensitive parts of the European Union's external borders in terms of illegal migration. I disagree with the rapporteur, Mr Coelho, in that the admission of the Republic of Bulgaria and of Romania to the Schengen area cannot be completed in the short term because of the deficiencies in the fields of equipment, performance of border checks, training of personnel and the obligation to exchange information.
The Bulgarian authorities undertook to bring about radical improvement.
The CAP also needs to contribute towards the achievement of the ambitious objectives contained in the Europe 2020 strategy; in other words we need a greener and more sustainable CAP that will guarantee additional funding for farmers while recognising their role in protecting the environment, and that will help them choose environmentally friendly farming techniques.
The CAP cannot be monolithic; it should be implemented with flexibility and within the current economic and political context. A regulatory policy-based framework should be developed with long-term goals in mind.
The CAP has already been radically (and rightly) reformed in the past: the new challenges that we face concern its further simplification and compliance.
The CAP is intended to be sustainable and competitive, to supply consumers with safe, high-quality food and also to promote renewable forms of energy.
The CAP post-2014, as outlined in this report, has clear aims and priorities, on which European farmers can and will deliver - but they need the support of a credible budget behind them.
The CAP should be reformed by concentrating on a few fundamental objectives, but the only integrated policy of the European Union must not be plundered.
The CAP should not be measured merely in terms of expenditure because, in addition to the goods and services it provides, I believe it should be made clear - today of all days - that EUR 1 invested in agriculture generates EUR 10 of wealth in the agri-food sector.
The CAP towards 2020: Meeting the food, natural resources and territorial challenges of the future (
The CETA will also cover regulatory barriers such as sanitary and phytosanitary measures, customs procedures and competition rules.
The Casini report emphasises the importance of amending the European Parliament's Rules of Procedure following the establishment of a common transparency register. I voted in favour of this report, which confirms the importance attached to transparency by the European institutions, because I share the view that the establishment of this register will help in controlling all the organisations and persons involved in making and applying the EU policies.
The Casini report on the interinstitutional agreement on a common transparency register between the European Parliament and the Commission represents an important step forward in regulating relations of MEPs with outside interests.
The Central District Court in Buda, Budapest is asking the European Parliament to lift the immunity of MEP Ágnes Hankiss in connection with renewed criminal proceedings. Ágnes Hankiss was accused by a private plaintiff of allegedly committing the crime of public defamation and, in particular, the crime of defaming the memory of a dead person, the plaintiff's father.
The Centre is open to the participation of any third country that shares the interests of the Union and its Member States in its objectives and work.
The Chair, the rapporteurs and the shadow rapporteurs have all represented this House with great distinction.
The Chernobyl tragedy also revealed the powerlessness and thoughtlessness of the then Communist authorities in Ukraine, which tried to conceal from the world the disaster and its scale.
The College admittedly performed better in 2010, following the departure of its former Director, Ulf Göransson, who has been taken to task by the European Anti-Fraud Office (OLAF) and the Court of Auditors for his irregular, indeed fraudulent, expenditure.
The Commission Communication 'GDP and beyond - Measuring progress in a changing world' focuses on developing more comprehensive indicators to complement GDP, which will provide a more reliable knowledge base. GDP has come to take on the role of a comprehensive indicator for measuring society's overall development and progress, but it does not provide a reliable basis for policy debate on every issue.
The Commission Green Paper report entitled 'Forest protection and information in the EU: preparing forests for climate change' presents European Parliament's concerns on the matter.
The Commission Roadmap for moving to a competitive low-carbon economy in 2050 suggests that achieving the 20% energy efficiency target would automatically lead to a 25% reduction in emissions, without any change to the current legislative framework.
The Commission acknowledges that the Greek crisis has a high social cost for sections of the population in Greece, but that cost is mainly the result of financial imbalances, diminishing competitiveness and financial difficulties: the very difficulties the Memorandum seeks to resolve and not exacerbate.
The Commission already reacted to a similar phenomenon in 2007, and in the face of this new peak, we wish to know what concrete measures - you have already given details of some of them - it intends to take.
The Commission also aims to attain gender balance and to help disadvantaged groups through the lifelong learning programme, notably through the Leonardo da Vinci programme, which is included.
The Commission also encourages the Member States to introduce a youth guarantee to ensure that all young people are in further education, training or work within four months of finishing their general education.
The Commission also supports close cooperation with and among international organisations, which - and I am quoting the OECD and the International Labour Organisation - is vital for achieving a level playing field internationally and, in particular, for setting international labour standards.
The Commission also welcomes the fact that the report supports some of its suggestions addressed to the European Parliament through the Smart Regulation Communication, but we also know about the few highly problematic proposals.
The Commission and the G20 countries are asked to establish a new global approach to assessment, which would reduce the likelihood of errors, would regulate the activities of companies involved in ratings and would reduce the risk associated with financial assessment. I welcome and have, on several occasions, repeated the proposal that Europe urgently needs to establish its own credit rating agency, which would produce objective and independent assessments. I welcome the report's call to establish our own independent rating agency, which, according to the proposals, would initially be called the European Credit Rating Foundation.
The Commission and the Indian authorities should and must intensify their cooperation on a common definition of counterfeit drugs, an important area which is harmful to patient health, in order that public health is adequately protected.
The Commission and the Member States must make the introduction of sustainable forest management mandatory within the European Union
The Commission attaches great importance to the European Union agencies' efficient functioning.
The Commission bore all expenses incurred by the agency for the implementation of the 2009 budget.
The Commission can only think of one solution for the problems facing the fisheries sector: indiscriminately cutting the number of ships, which amounts to curing the illness by killing the patient.
The Commission certainly has no authority to explore the scope for sharing spectrum with military uses. I am therefore opposed to the amendment to Article 7(3), which deals with the radio frequency needs of specific EU policies and which proposes using civil frequencies for military purposes.
The Commission closely monitors and facilitates coordination among the Member States and has worked for the speedy ratification of a number of important instruments adopted in the last decade.
The Commission could itself take a more active role in working together with the Member States on cross-border enforcement using existing EU-wide networks to facilitate cooperation between the Member States.
The Commission did not raise its voice when paramilitary groups were threatening the Roma citizens in the Hungarian Gyöngyöspata for weeks, and the Hungarian Government took action only when the tension and the provocation escalated into violence. I fear that if Europe does not show willingness to play a greater role in the improvement of the situation of the Roma people than what was mentioned in the Commission Communication, similar situations will occur again and again.
The Commission expects greater involvement from the Member States in terms of systematising research into the quality of public life, which would make it possible for clear comparisons to be made between countries. A coherent policy would result in it being easier to analyse research, and also in it being possible to predict the potential long-term development of countries.
The Commission expects the problem of undeclared work by non-EU nationals to be dealt with in part by the Employers' Sanctions Directive 2009/52/EC, which the Member States have to transpose into national legislation by 20 July this year.
The Commission firmly supports closer cooperation at global level, with employment and social objectives going hand in hand with economic objectives.
The Commission follows any new development closely, and will decide on the appropriate course of action the moment laboratory tests confirm any epidemiological finding.
The Commission for Petitions regrets the fact that Directive 2006/114/EC on misleading and comparative advertising, which is applicable to business-to-business transactions, seems either to fall short of providing effective counter-measures or to be insufficiently implemented by Member States.
The Commission fully supports the candidacy of Minister Christine Lagarde.
The Commission has a keen interest in everything relating to the promotion of this cultural dimension in Europe and in exchanges of every kind. I have a strong attachment to it myself and have already met some of the main parties involved in this area.
The Commission has actually already responded to similar written questions from the honourable Member Mr Ziobro on the cost of reducing greenhouse gas emissions in the European Union by 2020 and on the question of carbon leakage, back in March and April 2010.
The Commission has already made clear in its Smart Regulation Communication that it cannot and will not accept requests that would affect its autonomy in carrying out impact assessments - for instance, the externalisation of the Impact Assessment Board - or that would otherwise affect its right of initiative.
The Commission has already stated that such misleading practices are against EU law, but it has not done enough to stop them.
The Commission has announced that it will present its proposals for the post-2013 Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF) before the summer recess and the legislative proposals for the financing instruments for external action later this year.
The Commission has applied a restrictive policy as regards administrative expenditure, with a nominal freeze for Commission administrative expenditure.
The Commission has been committed to providing leadership in ensuring that the most vulnerable people in crisis have access to safe, adequate and nutritious food.
The Commission has begun - and this is crucial, because we are after all talking about 80% shared responsibility here - quite clearly to state erroneous expenditure in the accounts of the European Union for 2009.
The Commission has committed itself to presenting a legislative proposal for the financing instruments for external action later this year, and to reconsidering the overall structure of the external financing instruments when debating the next Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF). I voted in favour of this document, which establishes Parliament's position with regard to a new financing instrument for EU development cooperation. I agree that the future instrument for supplying EU development aid must be adequately equipped in financial terms, given the commitments made by the EU in this field to spend 0.7% of its Gross National Income (GNI) on Official Development Assistance by 2015.
The Commission has invited all Member States to a conference on 12 May in order to discuss relocation and a prolongation of the Malta project in order to assist Malta with the thousands of people who have been going there.
The Commission has launched numerous studies on this issue, and the results of these investigations can be consulted on our website.
The Commission has made many soapbox speeches calling for genuine support to be given to small and medium-sized companies and for the amount of red tape to be reduced.
The Commission has never put forward a position against any type of labelling, but we were saying that every decision we take has to be assessed to ensure the impact it is going to have on our citizens at large, be they producers or be they consumers, and that is the position that I still hold. I can assure you that the Commission services and I will pursue this challenge with all determination and energy, and I also assure you, especially Mr Staes, that I do not put off decisions that need to be taken.
The Commission has not identified any infringements to date.
The Commission has now proposed that the Stability and Growth Pact be tightened up. The Hungarian Presidency has negotiated well, as has our side. I actually think it a pity, Mr Bullmann - for on many aspects of regulation of the financial markets we are very much in agreement - that the socialists still want to distinguish between good and bad debt.
The Commission has promised to carry out a study of this, and I would simply like to emphasise how very important it is that we have such a study done in order to be able to protect public health and combat allergies, among other things, in which we have seen a significant increase.
The Commission has proposed keeping the responsibility of the first country of asylum in the Dublin Regulation, but also reintroducing an emergency mechanism in order to suspend that mechanism under special circumstances.
The Commission has proposed to exempt 50% of the tractors manufactured in the EU in the last five years because of the technological development time lag, which makes it impossible - unless an enormous amount of money is spent - to carry out the mechanical modifications necessary to move on to the next stage, and because of the economic crisis affecting the tractor market, which has seen a 20% annual fall in its turnover since 2008.
The Commission has sent us the following statement on the amendments adopted by Parliament.
The Commission has submitted to the Council and the EP proposals for reducing administrative costs very substantially - by up to over 30% when they are implemented - while the proposals already adopted will reduce administrative costs by 22%.
The Commission has suggested that it is essential to develop an indicator which clearly depicts the situation in the country in question, and which also reflects the situation of households and individuals, as well as how efficiently the country's resources are exploited and the state of the environment.
The Commission has taken careful note of the substance of your questions and I do hope that the answers address your possible underlying concerns.
The Commission has therefore presented this communication.
The Commission helps Member States to achieve these targets through financial support, in particular the European Social Fund, policy coordination and policy guidance at EU level under the European semester.
The Commission hopes that the Member States which still apply transitional measures to workers from Romania and Bulgaria will liberalise their labour markets when the second phase expires on 31 December 2011.
The Commission initially proposed applying exceptional measures for a period of three years.
The Commission intends to present a report to Parliament and the Council on the setting up of a system of common issuance of European sovereign bonds, or euro securities, under joint and several liability, in line with Article 8a(5) of the regulation on the enforcement of budgetary surveillance in the euro area and within six months of the entry into force of that Regulation.
The Commission intends to propose an ambitious and comprehensive reform of the common agricultural policy which will require farmers to make a significant contribution towards achieving the objectives of the Europe 2020 Strategy.
The Commission is also following the work of the Venice Commission of the Council of Europe on this matter, and we are expecting a report on 17-18 June. I also know that Thomas Markert, the secretary of the Venice Commission, was in the Committee on Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs on 25 May, and I read with great interest the remarks which he made.
The Commission is analysing the results of the public consultation and then it will prepare a detailed impact assessment to see what should be the next step that, in times of crisis, will be good for giving a boost to the Internal Market and creating growth and jobs in the Internal Market by expanding the markets, mostly for SMEs, and giving consumers the possibility of better choice and better deals.
The Commission is aware that more needs to be done; this has been underlined by several Members, and I fully agree that the well-being of small and medium-sized enterprises is crucial for Europe's recovery, for growth and for employment.
The Commission is best placed to coordinate the implementation of the action plan to avoid duplication at Member State level and to ensure overall progress in various EU policy fields covered by GNSS applications.
The Commission is currently constantly monitoring all the steps taken by the Kosovo authorities to fulfil the conditions for the launching of the visa liberalisation dialogue.
The Commission is fully and solely responsible for implementing the decisions adopted by Parliament and Council. A derogation from the decision on the European capitals of culture in relation to a matter as fundamental as its geographical scope would simply break the rules that we have been asked to follow.
The Commission is keen to ensure synergies between the two agencies, notably through exchanges of information, joint work programmes, the joint organisation of conferences and seminars, and joint projects.
The Commission is looking at ways of clarifying or simplifying the information that the Member States will have to provide to demonstrate that applications are eligible. A lot of time is also taken up with the need to request and obtain approval for each application from both arms of the budgetary authority.
The Commission is making fools of MEPs and the citizens they represent by proposing amounts in April and then dividing them by four two months later.
The Commission is not aware of any evidence that the request from Sweden to the United Kingdom for the surrender of Mr Assange to face allegations of sexual offences indicates that the European Arrest Warrant system is being used for other than its purpose.
The Commission is now proposing an exceptional response as a sign to the Greek people that there is hope.
The Commission is paying great attention to small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs): the 23 million SMEs that form the EU's economic fabric and are a source of innovation and creativity, allowing Europe to continue to distinguish itself in world markets.
The Commission is pleased with the own-initiative report on promoting worker mobility within the European Union and is following the debate in the parliamentary committees with great interest.
The Commission is ready to come up with a comprehensive proposal after the necessary impact assessment.
The Commission is ready to use all available means to ensure the correct application of EU law, including launching infringement procedures whenever such action is necessary.
The Commission is recommending the adoption of many documents relating to migration in May and June. I would like to express the hope that, in formulating these documents, the Commission will maintain a measure of detachment and a cool head.
The Commission is suggesting a dominant lead for itself in a revised Schengen evaluation process, and Parliament proposes to modify that in order to allow a balance between the role of European and national experts.
The Commission is therefore invited to present a comprehensive, tiered strategy that should show how the new approach can be used pragmatically in day-to-day political work.
The Commission is to send Parliament a first draft of this in the autumn. I think this presents a unique opportunity to make improvements here. I would ask my fellow Members to support this and to work to bring about a reform.
The Commission is working hand in hand with the Member States with one common goal: to bring this outbreak to an end as soon as possible. I am insisting to all concerned that, in situations like this, it is not a local problem, it is a European problem.
The Commission issued a report on the application of the directive in 2008 and will continue to follow its implementation in the Member States closely.
The Commission itself acknowledges the low take-up of EU funds by these countries, but it insists on making cofinancing a requirement, so the so-called austerity measures which are imposed on them do not enable them to guarantee public investment, first and foremost because it is being cut to penury levels.
The Commission later also began initiatives in this area, and a working group was established in 2008 between Parliament and the Commission.
The Commission makes funds for promoting quality products available to operators in order to raise consumer awareness of the system.
The Commission must adopt urgent measures to remedy the difficult economic situation in which many European fishermen find themselves following the rise in oil prices.
The Commission must also abandon its pure control functions relating to the granting of State aid and actively encourage Member States to use it. Why is this important? Some countries in the European Union prefer not to mention this facility because it means an additional burden on their domestic budgets.
The Commission must and will accept its responsibilities, identify trends in financial and economic policy at an early stage and ensure that the dialogue between the financial institutions and the policymakers is much more effective than it has been.
The Commission must make every effort to ensure that appropriate and sufficient aid is allocated to the development of the domestic private sector and small- and medium-sized enterprises in low income countries.
The Commission must monitor progress regularly, assessing obstacles and putting forward a mechanism to improve the regular provision of reports to the European Parliament and the Council.
The Commission must provide these countries with support, but it must also use them as an example in order to force other countries to do the same thing.
The Commission must respond as soon as possible to the request submitted by Parliament to define clearly the period of investment so that the provisions on investment protection do not undermine the parties' ability to issue compulsory licences.
The Commission must take due account of any negative impact on European agriculture, particularly in the areas of the opening up of markets, GMOs, milk, beef, intellectual property protection and origin labelling.
The Commission must therefore put pressure on the Member States to persuade them to assume responsibility for the funds that the EU allows them to manage.
The Commission needs to ensure legal security in information and communication technologies so as to protect consumers and innovative creators.
The Commission now has to move forward and prepare separate legislation to cover cloning. I only hope that MEPs will learn from their mistakes and realise that it is the people of Europe who suffer if we cannot agree on these key issues.
The Commission now intends to propose, by way of regulation, the introduction of an optional instrument, commonly referred to as the '28th law', which could govern cross-border contracts.
The Commission particularly welcomes and agrees with the position taken in the report on a couple of issues.
The Commission proposal aims at the introduction of a unilateral and temporary suspension of import duties on 75 export items from Pakistan.
The Commission proposal lays down specific requirements to ensure Member States will establish a national regulatory and organisational framework, and draw up appropriate national programmes for managing spent fuel and radioactive waste, from generation up to disposal.
The Commission proposal, which is adopted by this report, is aimed at simplifying the customs formalities followed by importers of certain textile products released for free circulation in the Union.
The Commission proposed the inclusion of three modules.
The Commission recently announced 12 actions for 2012 to stimulate the single market, including measures for funding for SMEs and worker mobility, measures which I believe are a move in the right direction By making integrated use of the single market and exploiting the advantages which it offers, we can strengthen growth and prosperity at European level and give new momentum to enterprise.
The Commission regards the strengthening of corporate governance as central to its financial market reform and crisis prevention programme.
The Commission regrets the lack of support for the provision included in the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Directive 1999/62/EC on the charging of heavy goods vehicles for the use of certain infrastructures, which aimed at rendering the establishment of correlation tables obligatory.
The Commission remains committed to following up the report of October 2010 which, I recall, proposed the following: a temporary suspension for five years of the use of the cloning technique in the EU, of the import and use of clones for food production, and of food from clones, which would be combined with the introduction of traceability systems for imports of semen and embryos from clones.
The Commission representatives on the governing boards of agencies take the need for quantitative and qualitative performance criteria very seriously and make every effort to ensure that they are applied.
The Commission seems to take this fact into account in its proposal, even if only partially, by providing for derogations to Member States if it is necessary to make major adjustments.
The Commission sensibly chose a targeted action plan, the recommendations of which not only include the realisation of the Single European Sky - already a priority that the Union has confirmed many times - but in the sphere of road transport, too, GNSS is to make an important contribution to attaining our safety and environmental protection targets.
The Commission services are currently evaluating EU legislation on the free movement of workers, and in particular Regulation (EEC) No 1612/68, and are exploring the options for improving the enforcement of EU law on freedom of movement, including, where necessary, by presenting an initiative in 2012.
The Commission shares the view expressed by Parliament that a more child-centred approach is needed.
The Commission should also negotiate effective and transparent procurement systems and India should apply transparent and fair procedures when awarding public contracts and grant European businesses access to public procurement systems.
The Commission should also submit to Parliament and the Council, prior to the renegotiation of the agreement, a full implementation report, and facilitate the participation of representatives of Parliament as observers in its meetings.
The Commission should boost the effectiveness and public profile of the European Social Fund and, in cooperation with the Member States, should secure strong synergies between the structural funds and relevant European policies, as well as promoting synergies that meet the changing demands of today's labour market.
The Commission should conduct a detailed analysis of the problems relating to restricted access for EU companies to other countries' markets and take appropriate action against trading partners which benefit from the openness of the EU market, but do not open up their own markets to EU companies.
The Commission should ensure that EU aid is consistent with development goals and targets set at international level. I would also reiterate the importance of how thoroughly eligibility criteria for countries benefiting from funding from this future instrument are applied. I would like to stress that the new DCI should provide a basis for targeted and more flexible aid in situations of fragility. I believe it should help to ensure proper linkage of relief, rehabilitation and development operations.
The Commission should move first of all to focus all possible efforts on solving the problems of our citizens.
The Commission should produce a comprehensive analysis aimed at securing a more precise description of possible scenarios and resources in terms of operation and use after 2013.
The Commission should produce an assessment of the impacts and consider the possibility of increasing the ceilings for EU public contracts, which would allow SMEs to take part in contracts that would otherwise be subject to special requirements, on account of which SMEs would not be able to participate.
The Commission should take permanent corrective measures, one of which is traceability and should be a priority objective.
The Commission should work towards an international ban on antimicrobials as growth promoters in animal feed, and bring this matter up in its bilateral negotiations with third countries such as the United States.
The Commission should, therefore, respond positively, with short- and long-term measures, to tackle the adverse conditions faced by the sector and the serious losses in income being experienced by our fishers.
The Commission submitted the Europe 2020 strategy last year, whose aim is recovery from the crisis and the preparation of the European economy for the next decade.
The Commission supports the greatest possible ambition, which is the line that I think that you are also defining.
The Commission therefore very much appreciates Parliament's approach, focusing on the long-term benefit of investing in early years learning.
The Commission very much welcomes the valuable input of Parliament and looks forward to continued collaboration with Parliament, Member States and stakeholders from all sectors, with the common aim of protecting the health of citizens throughout the European Union.
The Commission wants to ensure a balanced, ambitious, high-quality agreement and it wants to be equally ambitious on sustainable development.
The Commission was not able to justify implementation of the proposal, and neither could the Committee on International Trade during its meeting.
The Commission welcomes the decision of the Executive Board of the IMF on 20 May this year, which clarifies the selection process for the next Managing Director of the IMF.
The Commission will also commit itself in this declaration to reviewing the intergovernmental nature of the European Stabilisation Mechanism by mid-2014.
The Commission will also continue to promote sustainable development, decent work, labour standards and corporate social responsibility in other policy areas, such as trade and development policy.
The Commission will be able to implement them in a semi-automatic fashion, thanks to reversed qualified majority voting.
The Commission will continue its efforts with a view to finding, together with Parliament and the Council, an appropriate solution to this horizontal institutional issue'.
The Commission will do its best to support the process and I am absolutely confident that Parliament will engage in an early dialogue with the Council to reach a rapid and a successful conclusion.
The Commission will even make the decisions when it comes to imposing sanctions.
The Commission will issue a certificate concerning the fight against organised crime and corruption.
The Commission will present its proposals for the next multiannual financial framework at the end of June.
The Commission will soon present its proposals for the post-2013 Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF) and the legislative proposals for the financing instruments for external action later this year.
The Commission will take action to ensure that the Austrian authorities look at the environmental impact of the work that has already been carried out in order to ensure that in any future expansion of the ski area in the region around Damüls-Mellau, the requirements of our directive are applied in accordance with the rules.
The Commission will then make suitable legislative proposals in the areas which require greater harmonisation.
The Commission will therefore be asked to carry out a more in-depth analysis of the issue of mandatory 'made in' labels for textile products manufactured outside the EU, and by 2013 it will produce a report on the possible launch of a system for country-of-origin labelling for products.
The Commission will use this test as a basis for planning additional measures to support implementation and the exchange of best practice.
The Commission yesterday adopted a strong package of reports and measures on fighting the corruption that is costing the EU EUR 120 billion per annum - roughly equivalent to the total EU budget - but eight Member States score less than five out of ten on the Transparency International index.
The Commission's Green Paper officially recognises the economic and social importance of this sector of the economy.
The Commission's communication was discussed at the informal meeting of competitiveness ministers in Gödöllő in Hungary on 13 April 2011.
The Commission's evaluation is based on examinations of several aspects of this issue, such as: the link between the redundant workers and major structural changes in world trade patterns; the financial crisis; the unforeseen nature of the redundancies in question; demonstration of the number of redundancies; explanation of the unforeseen nature of these redundancies; identification of the dismissing enterprises and of the workers targeted for assistance; the territory concerned with its respective authorities and stakeholders; the impact of the redundancies as regards local, regional or national employment; and the coordinated package of personalised services to be funded.
The Commission's idea for financing reconstruction consisted in opening up EU territory to imports of textiles and other sensitive products without imposing customs duties or, in most cases, quotas, with no consideration for the threat that European businesses would face from this new one-sided competition.
The Commission's main objective is to have a preventive approach.
The Commission's objective of going beyond gross domestic product and finding another measuring system (which would still incorporate GDP) is rightly criticised in the parliamentary report, which emphasises the fact that if the Commission has not yet clearly defined the changeover or accurate indicators, the debate will have to be postponed. I therefore voted in favour of the motion.
The Commission's officials have up to 13 weeks paid leave.
The Commission's proposal was well received since it was drawn up following principles already existing at international level, basing its proposals on the approaches already adopted in the most advanced Member States and providing a framework for a more responsible management, including: (i) a national framework based on a clear distribution of duties and responsibilities among those involved, (ii) a national programme ensuring milestones, timeframes and clarity of the decision-making process on radioactive waste, and (iii) balanced rules on transparency and information, oversight and control. I share the concerns raised about the potentially disastrous effects of human error in managing radioactive waste and spent fuel, and would stress the need to apply rigorous standards of training, workplace safety and inspection by independent authorities.
The Commission's proposals for improved economic governance are of major importance for the future of the European Union and for growth in the countries belonging to the euro area.
The Commission's proposals include reducing the time for scrutinising the application it receives to six months and also reducing the objection period to two months.
The Commission's recommendations will have to ensure consistency with all the other strategic documents, but the country will bear the main responsibility for proposing solutions to implement.
The Commission's register, which is now being put together with Parliament's register, is voluntary and covers a small proportion of the estimated 15 000 lobbyists in Brussels.
The Commission's stand is marked by confusion, cover-up and panic and, as a result, we are mourning lives, we are mourning cases of illness and we are mourning the consequences to agricultural production.
The Commission's valuable proposal of 4 May 2011, by which the Schengen area is made more flexible and concerted in order to allow a more regular management of internal migration flows, heads in this direction.
The Commission, aware of the importance of renewing this partnership and on the basis of the mandate granted by the Council, negotiated a new partnership framework based on the development of a sustainable fisheries policy with the Government of Seychelles.
The Commission, however, has reserved the right to make the carbon charge obligatory by 2013. I do not wish to see UK citizens in any way contributing to any form of EU tax.
The Commission, in a spirit of compromise, and in order to ensure the immediate adoption of that proposal, can accept the substitution of the obligatory provision on correlation tables included in the text with the relevant recital encouraging Member States to follow this practice.
The Commission, in its revision of the Working Time Directive, should take account of the view of the hundreds of organisations from across Europe federated in the newly established alliance, because such a large association cannot be ignored when creating laws.
The Commission, ladies and gentlemen, is conscious of the environmental, economic, social, human and public health consequences of illegal waste shipments, and the Probo Koala affair, in which several people died after being exposed to hazardous waste illegally dumped in Côte d'Ivoire, is one of the worst examples in living memory, and here too there are lessons to be learnt.
The Commission, the ECB and the IMF continue to monitor progress on the implementation of the adjustment programme closely.
The Commission, the European Systemic Risk Board (ESRB) and the European Banking Authority (EBA) should be clear about what the stress tests are intended to show and they should check and ensure that the assumptions of the stress tests reflect the risks.
The Commissioner included a number of measures in the White Paper for which this step is necessary.
The Commissioner mentioned, quite rightly, sustainable development. I would say to you that we have to be very careful.
The Commissioner told Parliament's committee one month ago, when Mr Cadec put this question to her, that she was not mindful to support subsidies to compensate for the extra cost of fuel.
The Committee on Budgets thinks it is important in future to strengthen the link between research and industry in a better way so as to actually utilise the potential of new innovations and ideas in practice.
The Committee on Civil Liberties strongly believes that we should look at what is actually happening around us right now and that we need to improve our spending capacities in the area of refugee protection as well as in the area of Roma integration.
The Committee on Constitutional Affairs believes that this is not a mere matter of interpretation, but an important procedural issue which should be decided by a vote in plenary by the majority applicable in cases relating to the Rules of Procedure, namely a majority of Parliament's Members. I agree with the tabled version, which makes the rule clearer and easier to use, so I voted in favour of its amendment.
The Committee on Development was unanimous in supporting the following key principles.
The Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, of which I am a member, has conducted a hearing that turned out to be most satisfactory.
The Committee on Employment and Social Affairs wants to expand the legal basis for the directive on disposal to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
The Committee on Employment considers it absolutely essential that a European research area be created, with obstacles to the mobility of researchers being eliminated, and advanced European research infrastructure being created.
The Committee on Employment stresses the importance of innovation policy being viewed broadly, not merely in the form of technical innovation, but also - more than has previously been the case - in the form of social and servicerelated innovation that helps resolve challenges facing society, such as ageing, healthcare, and changes in the environment, climate and energy efficiency. A good example of this is the pilot project known as the European Innovation Partnership on Active and Healthy Ageing.
The Committee on Industry, Research and Energy (ITRE) is very much in favour of the idea of a European directive, but we want it to be more rigorous in certain places.
The Committee on International Trade did not question any of these things as an obstacle to taking the debate into their own hands and voting on this issue, and took on board all these late changes from both the Commission and the Council.
The Committee on Legal Affairs has made a statement on the issue, having adopted a report in which it was decided not to lift parliamentary immunity.
The Committee on Legal Affairs, having examined the reasons for and against waiving the Member's immunity, recommends that the European Parliament should waive the parliamentary immunity of Adrian Severin, while considering that, until a final sentence is passed, the Member should be immune from any form of detention or remand or any other measure which prevents that Member from performing the duties proper to the mandate. I agree with such option recommended by the Committee on Legal Affairs.
The Committee on Petitions may not be a court of appeal, but in my own understanding of what we are doing in the Committee - in other words, what I understand as my role as a member of the Committee on Petitions - I am rather proud that this petition, in which we saw that things were being interpreted differently at local level than was our intention at European level, together with the opinion of the Committee on Petitions, ultimately resulted in the law being changed in a Member State. I consider that to be a great success, and a success of European policy.
The Committee on Transport and Tourism decided to draft an own-initiative report with the aim of setting out some general principles regarding how air agreements should be evaluated, both in terms of substance and in terms of the procedures the Committee might adopt to ensure that it is well informed throughout the course of negotiations, and has an opportunity to express its priorities well before being confronted with the yes/no choice of consent.
The Committee on Transport and Tourism has therefore decided to table this own-initiative report with the aim of setting out some general principles regarding how air agreements should be evaluated in terms of substance, and of the procedures the committee might adopt in order to remain well informed throughout the course of negotiations and so that it has an opportunity to express its priorities well before being confronted with the final decision and merely being able to adopt or reject it. Parliament's new powers, provided for in the Treaty of Lisbon, bring with them a new responsibility to ensure that Parliament and its competent committee are well informed about the preparation of the agreements to which it will subsequently be asked to give its consent.
The Committee on Transport and Tourism quite often has to assess and deal with various aviation agreements. I think that this report will significantly aid and simplify the work of the Committee on Transport and Tourism because it highlights the general principles of how we should assess aviation agreements, both in terms of content and in terms of measures.
The Committee on Transport and Tourism were keen to ensure that in dealing with individual agreements with individual sovereign countries, Parliament used the same procedures and guidelines for rapporteurs to work with in order to give us a consistent approach and to give us the opportunity to consider important aspects, including relevant safety and social conditions. I shall be voting in favour and would hope that Parliament can support my report so that the proposed framework can be put into operation
The Communication of 4 May not only mentions the reinstatement of internal border controls, it also addresses many other topics, such as the fight against human trafficking, legal immigration, resettlement of refugees, asylum and so on. Those are the real issues! The problem is that this communication only goes halfway.
The Community Customs Code is, in principle, applicable to trade with all non-member countries.
The Confederal Group of the European United Left - Nordic Green Left agrees with the general parts of the resolution, but has serious doubts over the points specifically mentioned, and therefore will not support the resolution.
The Confederal Group of the European United Left - Nordic Green Left has asked to postpone to a later part-session the vote on the reports included in the joint debate on economic governance (Ferreira, Feio, Ford, Goulard, Wortmann-Kool and Haglund.
The Conference of Presidents decided that Mr Barroso should attend, and I should like to know from the information available whether he will be there.
The Consultative Working Party with authority on this issue has considered the proposal for a Council directive codifying Council Directive 92/79/EEC of 19 October 1992 on the approximation of taxes on cigarettes, Council Directive 92/80/EEC of 19 October 1992 on the approximation of taxes on manufactured tobacco other than cigarettes, and Council Directive 95/59/EC of 27 November 1995 on taxes other than turnover taxes which affect the consumption of manufactured tobacco.
The Consultative Working Party, consisting of the respective legal services of the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission, met on 23 November 2010 for the purpose of examining the aforementioned proposal submitted by the Commission.
The Consumer Rights Directive also signals the end of high credit and debit card fees, which many people pay when purchasing on line - I am pleased to say that this report outlaws the practice of adding credit or debit card payment fees that bear no relation to costs incurred when processing an on-line transaction. I hope that the British Government will implement these new rules without delay to ensure the protection of consumers across the UK.
The Consumer Rights Directive is now going to the final vote, following my vote in favour at the part-session in March 2011.
The Cooperation and Verification Mechanism for the justice system does not feature among the criteria for joining the Schengen area and cannot be referred to in connection with Romania and Bulgaria joining the area.
The Copenhagen Economics report concluded that the bilateral elimination of tariffs and reduction of non-tariff barriers would benefit both businesses and consumers and drive economic welfare by EUR 33 billion in the EU and EUR 18 billion in Japan.
The Council Decision referral for the European Parliament for consent procedure constitutes the legal instrument for the conclusion of the Protocol between the European Union and the Principality of Andorra extending to customs security measures the Agreement in the form of an Exchange of Letters between the European Economic Community and the Principality of Andorra concluded on 28 June 1990.
The Council and Commission have noted that Japan's capacity to remove regulatory barriers to trade is a precondition for launching negotiations on the EU-Japan Free Trade Agreement (FTA), thus fostering closer economic integration between the two strategic trading partners.
The Council and the Commission both kept reiterating that a ban on offspring would be in contravention of World Trade Organisation (WTO) rules.
The Council can therefore quickly adopt this legislation with a view to its entry into force in January 2012, which would greatly benefit consumers. I am therefore pleased with the consensus that has been reached, and I am voting in favour of this regulation repealing Council Directive 73/44/EEC, Parliament Directive 96/73/EC and Directive 2008/121/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council.
The Council did not even agree to this, and, as we have now heard from Mrs Liotard and Mr Liese, for example, the arguments put forward by the Council and the Commission were completely mendacious and were most likely even knowingly false.
The Council did not want it. It is the same Council that, on the one hand, declares itself in favour of the liberalisation of everything and, on the other, forces the removal of the 'Made in' wording on textiles because it does not want to give consumers the correct information, and is giving us a hard time over labelling because it does not want labels to indicate the place of origin or provenance of the food on our people's tables.
The Council fully agrees with the view held by almost everyone here that the free movement of persons within the Schengen area is a major achievement.
The Council has already adopted its first-reading position on 14 February of this year, and we subsequently inserted a provision in the directive at the request of Parliament, to the effect that we will give a political signal to citizens concerning the environmental characteristics of heavy goods vehicles.
The Council has already directly agreed to labels indicating whether garments contain animal products, because it is becoming more and more difficult to work out whether a piece of fur is real or fake, and there are a great number of consumers for whom that kind of information is important.
The Council has also called on the instrument's practitioners to consider and seek advice on the use of alternatives to the European Arrest Warrant.
The Council has been quite clear that in cases where preventive detention is inappropriate, the European Arrest Warrant should not be used.
The Council has devoted a great deal of attention and energy to this issue, not least through a mutual peer evaluation of the practical application of this instrument which has been carried out in all Member States over a period of three years.
The Council has so far had no intention to fully participate in the process because unlike Parliament and the Commission, the Council by its nature is not affected by the activity of interest representatives.
The Council has strongly opposed the idea, and it is difficult to understand why.
The Council has worked in good faith to try and improve the directive where appropriate and improve transparency, but without stepping on the sensitive issues relating to individual national constitutions.
The Council is moving, Parliament will set out its position tomorrow, and then it is up to the Commission to come forward with a proposal.
The Council is striving to achieve this and is encouraging Member States to do so because it would be a great weight off the shoulders of small and medium-sized enterprises and would greatly improve their liquidity.
The Council looks forward in particular to examining the Commission's suggestions for a mechanism concerning the coordinated and temporary reintroduction of controls as a measure of last resort, based on objective criteria and respecting the Community method.
The Council needs to be scrutinised in the same way as every other European institution, and written documents must be provided in order for discharge to be granted.
The Council needs to make its positions heard more vigorously in the UN, whilst ensuring greater coordination in achieving the Union's goals there and fostering greater cohesion between the Member States' positions. I agree with the rapporteur's call for the Vice-President of the Commission/High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy and the President of the European Council to make achieving enhanced observer rights for the EU a strategic priority, and to show greater visibility at the UN by way of intensifying consultations with the governments of third-country UN Member States.
The Council now needs to be realistic and show solidarity by giving its unanimous approval.
The Council recommended granting discharge to the Commission, and it acknowledged the overall improvements identified by the Court.
The Council should also participate in the common register, which should be made mandatory and serve as a dynamic instrument in guaranteeing the transparency of the decision-making process.
The Council should conclude the codecision procedure regarding the resettlement of refugees that this Parliament voted for and that provided for emergency mechanisms for use on these occasions. A proposal should be tabled for a humanitarian corridor to remove from Libya refugees recognised as such by the United Nations High Commission for Refugees (UNHCR), and NATO should comply with its mandate of protecting civilians, from Resolution 1973, which means carrying out high-sea rescues.
The Council should seek to ensure that the report is more than just a catalogue of country-based events and developments.
The Council will also have a chance to discuss how to continue work on the revision of the Schengen evaluation mechanism to ensure more efficient and uniform implementation of the aquis.
The Council will demand that the Member State meet its annual budgetary targets, which will enable a minimum of a 0.5% increase in gross domestic product per year.
The Council's decision will send an extremely strong signal to the Western Balkans as a whole, encouraging the governments in this region to continue their reforms.
The Council's viewpoint that only some MEPs could have access and vote on a fully informed basis, while the others ought to raise their hands to copy them, was sharply criticised by the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs. I am pleased that our viewpoint won the day.
The Council, like Parliament, is responsible for Europeans. I hope that the Council, with the Commission and Parliament, will share their responsibility and take the necessary steps on this economic governance package and future actions.
The Council, the Commission and also the other EU institutions handle the financial resources of EU citizens according to agreed rules.
The Court of Auditors Annual Report for 2009 found the highest error rate to be in payments under the EU's cohesion policy.
The Court of Auditors commented that the Agency could improve its budgetary and recruitment planning, notably as regards transfers between titles, the high vacancy rate (21%) and the high volume of appropriations carried forward.
The Court of Auditors explicitly notes that this is not fraud, but shortcomings. I think that we need to take that on board.
The Court of Auditors has attested to the reliability of its accounts for the financial year 2009 and they seem to be on the road to overcoming all the teething troubles that are almost inevitable with bodies of this type. I hope the ECHA will fulfil the purposes for which it was created, and will improve its budgetary rigour and its capacity for planning.
The Court of Auditors has been able to obtain reasonable assurances that the annual accounts of the European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights for the financial year 2009 are in all material respects reliable and that the underlying transactions, taken as a whole, are legal and regular.
The Court of Auditors highlighted weaknesses in the management of fees, with significant delays in issuing recovery orders (up to 21 months), as well as weaknesses in the Agency's treasury policy and failings in its management of procurement procedures.
The Court of Auditors identified, and the rapporteur emphasised, the existence of various aspects of the budget to be improved, in particular those relating to the exceptions to budgetary principles, to the role of the Commission's Internal Audit Service, to the creation of an audit committee, to the late payment of members' contributions, and to the rules relating to the award of grants.
The Court of Auditors indicated in its annual report that the audit did not give rise to any significant observations as regards the CoR. I welcome the fact that in 2009 the CoR updated its budget-analytical monitoring tool (BudgetWatch), providing more comprehensive information on the CoR's budget, facilitating the implementation of the CoR's budgetary resources and identifying the areas which require management attention. I agree with the rapporteur that CoR members must declare their financial interests, disclosing relevant information on declarable professional activities.
The Court of Auditors informed the European Parliament that the Agency's annual accounts for the financial year 2009 are reliable and that the underlying transactions are legal and regular.
The Court of Auditors informed the European Parliament that the Agency's annual accounts for the financial year 2009 are reliable and that the underlying transactions are legal and regular. I agree with the rapporteur that the Agency must set out a comparison of operations carried out during the year for which discharge is to be granted and in the previous financial year so as to enable the European Parliament to assess the Agency's performance from one year to the next more effectively. I welcome the Agency's initiative of launching foresight on the safety and health impact of technological innovations in green jobs by 2020. I believe that the Agency must reduce the increased cancellation rate and inform the European Parliament of the actions taken.
The Court of Auditors informed the European Parliament that the Foundation's annual accounts for the financial year 2009 are reliable and that the underlying transactions are legal and regular. I welcome the Foundation's intention to set out a comparison of operations carried out during the year for which discharge is to be granted and in the previous financial year.
The Court of Auditors qualified its opinion on the legality and regularity of the transactions underlying its accounts for the 2009 financial year. I consider that Members of Parliament need further evidence before they can propose to grant or refuse discharge to this agency. A hearing with EMEA has been scheduled to this effect for mid-July.
The Court of Auditors says that the 2009 accounts, on which we have just voted, are materially affected by error and that is why I am very pleased that the British Conservatives and our good friends in the European Conservatives have voted against discharge of these accounts.
The Court of Auditors stated that it has obtained reasonable assurances that the annual accounts for the financial year 2009 are reliable and that the underlying transactions are legal and regular.
The Court of Auditors was commended for the quality of its Annual Activity Report, which showed that its transactions and activities were legal and completely reliable.
The Court of Auditors, which is responsible for external financial control, following a thorough asessment of the Centre's accounts, has declared that it has obtained reasonable assurance that the accounts for 2009 are reliable and that the underlying transactions are legal and regular. I also wish to applaud the work done by the European Centre as the first to voluntarily undertake a pilot audit on its ethical framework in 2009.
The Court of Auditors, which is responsible for external financial control, said that following careful assessment of the budget it had received reasonable assurances as to the reliability of the annual accounts for the financial year 2009 and the legality and regularity of the pertinent transactions. I also applaud the Ombudsman's decision to publish his annual declaration of interests, including on the Ombudsman's own website, and I should like to join the Court of Auditors in praising the quality of the annual activity report submitted by the Ombudsman.
The Cuban Government's official story is that his death was caused by pancreatitis, but, according to dissidents inside Cuba, Juan Soto's death was caused by a beating from the police force of Castro's communist regime.
The Danube Strategy is designed to enhance opportunities for an entire region that embraces a diversity of Member States and third countries in the Western Balkans - nations, peoples and communities alike.
The Dess report adopted by this House is entirely consistent with the guidelines already set by the European Commission.
The Dess report also calls for the development of food quality policy with geographical indications (protected designations of origin (PDO) and protected geographical indications (PGI)), a necessary measure if we are to ensure the authenticity of local and regional food specialities. I support the report because it includes the gender dimension of the CAP.
The Development Cooperation Instrument (DCI) is one of the European Union's extremely altruistic projects, intended to provide assistance to developing countries without any conditions or ulterior interests.
The Digital Agenda and the digital economy represent one of the most important objectives of the EU 2020 strategy, aimed at closing the digital gap, and increasing the productivity, cohesion and competitiveness of European industry, and ensuring better access to the single market for the EU's consumers and companies.
The Director General for Regional Policy cannot provide us with any assurance as to the legality and reliability of over half the operational programmes because the reporting by the Member States is inadequate.
The ECB has basically been following the practice of Communist countries.
The ECR group therefore supported the final report, although we do not support all the provisions contained in it.
The ECR supported this report because it is a significant improvement on the Commission communication and keeps the spirit of previous market-based reforms alive.
The EEA can and should have an important role in compiling objective, trustworthy and comparable information on the environment in Europe, and in making it available in an accessible and thorough way.
The EGNOS and Galileo systems, when they are completed, will increase security in transport, using certain applications.
The EHEC situation has thrust local vegetable growers into an existential crisis completely out of the blue and through no fault of their own.
The EIB intended to supplement the loans for medium-sized businesses with EUR 1 billion a year. I would like to ask the Commission at what stage of implementation this programme is at, whether it intends to top up the funding, and whether these funds are distributed equally to all Member States.
The EMCDDA is the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction, which was established in 1993 with the main task of collecting data on drugs and drug addiction, in order to prepare and publish objective, reliable and comparable information at European level.
The EP is very much divided on the free trade agreement with India.
The EP pronounced itself for the first time on the issue in 1989 and, with this resolution which the EP adopted today, it intends to respond to the recent Commission Green Paper on European contract law, and to set out the Parliament's priorities in this area. I support the view of the rapporteur that the option of setting up an optional instrument (OI) for European contract law by virtue of a regulation is to be favoured.
The EP: 1. Regrets that Directive 2006/114/EC(2) on misleading and comparative advertising, which applies to business-to-business transactions, appears to be either insufficient in providing an effective remedy or inadequately enforced by Member States; 2. Recalls that, although the Commission has no power to enforce the directive directly against individuals or companies, it does have a duty to ensure that the directive is adequately implemented by Member States; 3. Calls on the Commission to proactively verify Member States' transposition, implementation and national enforcement of Directive 2006/114/EC and take corrective action where needed.
The EP: regrets that, contrary to Russia's obligations as a member of the Council of Europe to uphold freedom of assembly, peaceful citizens' gatherings continue to be banned and violently dispersed, including a gay pride march in Moscow for the sixth consecutive year, disregarding a final ruling made in April 2011 by the European Court of Human Rights; expects EU delegations and diplomats to actively implement the Toolkit to Promote and Protect the Enjoyment of All Human Rights by LGBT People in the future.
The EPP, ECR and ALDE resolution recommending rushing into a complete opening of the Indian market at all levels, without binding language on human and labour rights, CSR, environmental dumping, etc. did not get the overwhelming majority it needed if it wanted to be a recommendation for the negotiators.
The ETF plays a very important role in helping the acceding countries to enter the EU labour market.
The EU - thereby revealing its nature and true objectives - mediates this extortion process, whilst creating the institutional conditions for it to be implemented and deepened.
The EU 2020 strategy will deliver neither jobs nor a better standard of living.
The EU Heads of State or Government endorsed the 'Innovation Union' flagship initiative when they met on 4 February, but endorsement is not sufficient.
The EU accounts for 20.15% of India's total exports and 13.32% of India's total imports.
The EU also needs to hold an in-depth discussion on the topic of own resources involving both representatives of the European institutions and national parliaments, so as to reach a consensus on an own resources system which will ensure the effective implementation of European policies. I support the idea expressed in this report about the need to channel the resources towards those measures aimed at achieving the Europe 2020 strategy objectives.
The EU and India must pledge to speed up FTA talks and to make substantive and efficient progress towards the early conclusion of an ambitious and balanced, broad-based trade and investment agreement.
The EU and Japan are two of the world's largest economies.
The EU and the Member States are ready to assist both those displaced as a result of the latest developments in North Africa and those Member States most directly concerned.
The EU and the Member States have an obligation to support specific, effective measures that enable the transition to be made to the labour market, through better education, training and mobility.
The EU and the Member States should increase their efforts to encourage youth employment and reduce their unemployment rate, in particular, through improving the match between the training systems and the needs of the labour market.
The EU biofuel legislation, along with legislation for renewables, has driven our forest use in an unsustainable direction.
The EU budget is fixed at about 1% of EU GDP; the Commission and Parliament say, 'that is not enough, we want more money'. Yet the EU is unable to spend the money available; billions of euro in regional cohesion funds remain unspent.
The EU budget post-2013 must be fit for purpose to maintain competitiveness, to increase economic growth and to combat high unemployment in Europe. I believe that agriculture and a strong, well resourced common agricultural policy are central to this objective. I fully support the call in the report to link agriculture to the Europe 2020 strategy as I firmly believe that the agriculture and food sector can make a valuable contribution to future economic growth in Ireland and across Europe.
The EU budget should provide the highest level of European added value (EAV), should demonstrate robust management, and should serve to stimulate public and private resources as much as possible.
The EU can, and should, perform an active role to this end, namely, by helping to pull their populations out of poverty and by promoting good neighbourliness.
The EU cannot forget its role in every respect as a leading actor on the world stage.
The EU civil protection mechanism has been activated twice: firstly to support Member States' consular operations to evacuate our citizens - 5800 Europeans have been evacuated -, and secondly to facilitate the return home of migrant workers stuck in Tunisia and Egypt.
The EU contribution to global peace and stability is still quite small and still depends too much on the USA's vision of international security and on the 'needle approach' to the same issue.
The EU could find itself in a regressive phase, we could see the return of renationalisation and protectionism, and the first signs of disintegration in the euro area.
The EU could not afford to fall behind in this satellite navigation technology, so it developed its European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service (EGNOS), the forerunner of the Galileo system, which it is hoped should be operational in 2013 and will be ten times more accurate than GPS.
The EU currently already has legislation in place enabling cross-border claims and the mutual recognition of national courts' judgments, including the Brussels I Regulation, the European Enforcement Order, the European small claims procedure and the order for payment procedure.
The EU decided to set up its own global navigation satellite system for two key reasons: firstly, Europe's independence from other global navigation systems and autonomy, and secondly, to gain a share in this fast growing worldwide high-tech market, which today, to a large extent, is dominated by the US. I agree that there should be a broad and comprehensive debate at political level about the desired level of ambition (deciding the level of services provided) and the financial resources available (whereby a political choice would need to be made between a purely EU funded programme and one allowing national or private contributions). The result of this debate will impact the policy options for the future governance and management of the GNSS systems.
The EU decided to set up its own global navigation satellite system for two key reasons: firstly, Europe's independence from other global navigation systems and autonomy, and secondly, to gain a share in this fast growing worldwide high-tech market, which today, to a large extent, is dominated by the US. Indirect benefits of the programme are estimated to be around EUR 60 billion per year (including the downstream and upstream market and public benefits). GNSS is seen as a disruptive technology, with high potential to create innovations, build up a high-tech knowledge base and increase productivity in many sectors.
The EU did not intervene here with financial aid.
The EU draft budget for 2012, as proposed by the Commission, amounts to EUR 147 435 million in commitment appropriations and EUR 132 738 million in payment appropriations.
The EU faces many challenges that are not necessarily faced by its competitors, yet it manages to stay in the competition. I am referring to the lack of natural presence of energy sources on European soil, which is definitely an obstacle to development and innovation. I am also referring to the ageing of the European population, which is another challenge which characterises the EU. But in spite of this, the EU has the most ambitious and the most binding regulations in terms of environmental protection.
The EU forestry strategy and forest action plan also need to be updated to include the climate-change dimension and wider forest protection issues.
The EU forests are now facing more pressure than ever before, not necessarily because of climate change, but rather because of some of the decisions made in the EU to combat it. The fact that we now have requested within this report legally binding sustainability criteria on energy-creating biomass is an important initiative.
The EU has a number of best practices from the Member States, as well as from different cultural institutions such as the Alliance française and the British Council.
The EU has a role to play in promoting best management practice that suits the needs of local actors and communities, and in incentivising forestation efforts compatible with local conditions and native species.
The EU has a target of reducing this rate to 10% by 2020 and increasing the proportion of people with a qualification from a university or technical college from 31% to 40%. In order to be able to achieve these targets, there must be EU-wide recognition of education and training courses and qualifications.
The EU has adopted a number of documents on this issue: directives 2004/18/EC, 2004/17/EC, 93/13/EC and 2007/66/EC, resolutions (European Parliament Resolution of 18 May 2010), reports (Mr Monti, A new strategy for the Single Market - At the service of Europe's economy and society), the European Commission communication 'Towards a Single Market Act For a highly competitive social market economy', and the European Commission Green Paper on the modernisation of EU public procurement policy.
The EU has committed itself to the collective target of spending 0.7% of its Gross National Income (GNI) on Official Development Assistance (ODA) by 2015.
The EU has granted exceptional, unlimited, duty-free access to the EU market for nearly all products originating in the countries and territories benefiting from the Stabilisation and Association process.
The EU has launched the EGNOS project (and Galileo) to provide signals guaranteed for civilian use and to ensure that European industry at all levels has an opportunity to compete in this growing strategic market. I believe it is necessary, as Mrs Ţicău points out, to set aside additional funding for the Galileo programme and, hence, to create perhaps a Galileo reserve fund within the EU budget to cover any additional costs, taking care not to harm the other programmes.
The EU has legislation in place to enable cross-border claims and the mutual recognition of judgments of national courts, including the Brussels I Regulation, the European Enforcement Order, the Small Claims Procedure and the Order for Payment Procedure.
The EU has managed to decouple its economic growth from its emissions. EU GDP has increased by 45% since 1990 while emissions have been reduced by 13%, and that includes 2010 figures, meaning that was after we exited the crisis.
The EU has more and enhanced opportunities for external representation under the Treaty of Lisbon and cooperation with the UN and other international organisations is both desirable and necessary for the purpose of crisis management, to maintain and build peace and to respond to international challenges, such as recent developments in Japan.
The EU has opposed torture and the death penalty for a long time, and this also holds true in the case of al-Nashiri.
The EU has set itself the objective of not only becoming a pole of excellence on corporate social responsibility (CSR) but also of promoting CSR in its external policies.
The EU has taken an important step with the adoption of its policy decision, recorded in Regulation (EC) No 683/2008, on the creation of autonomous European global navigation satellite systems (GNSSs) - Galileo and European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service (EGNOS) - under the ownership and management of the EU. The communication considered in this report constitutes a mid-term review of this emblematic initiative in which there is an assessment of the process and its implementation to date, with a debate launched on its future governance, use and financing.
The EU has to be a community of cultural values in which diversity is an asset, and a factor in unity and cohesion, or, as the rapporteur puts it, 'an instrument for global peace and stability'. We therefore urgently need to review the lack of a foreign policy on culture. I am voting for this report, as I agree with its proposals and hope that culture helps find solutions for emerging from the crisis, and that it will be an asset to the welfare of the European public.
The EU increasingly lacks democratic legitimacy as it is dragged rightwards; as it negotiates trade agreements in secret, paying absolutely no mind to the sovereignty of the peoples of the Member States; as it seeks to hide the enormous economic and social impacts that its policies will have, while failing to inform, clarify, discuss or take into account the opinion of the people.
The EU institutions must be the voice of reason and combat this distraction which some are attempting to create.
The EU is a culturally diverse community of values in which successive EU enlargements, personal mobility in the shared European area, established and new migratory flows and exchanges of all kinds with the rest of the world help foster that cultural diversity.
The EU is a member of the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization and of 13 regional fisheries management organisations (RFMOs). Port state mechanisms adopted within RFMOs have been implemented through EU law, which also provides for comprehensive rules on access to port services, landings and transhipments of fisheries products by third-country vessels in EU ports, and cooperation and assistance mechanisms between the EU and third countries.
The EU is an ageing society, and therefore the influx of migrants should not be regarded only as a threat to European labour markets.
The EU is becoming even wider and, with the advent of pan-European political parties, seemingly ever deeper, with this inability to achieve consensus being proved repeatedly.
The EU is facing a huge challenge, which is coming from the likes of China, India and Brazil.
The EU is far from being outdone and that is why it should be able to benefit from its credibility and its 'good reputation' in this regard, with a view to establishing social alliances with its main trading partners and promoting these at the World Trade Organisation (WTO) and International Labour Organisation (ILO). Before we let these third countries sit at the same negotiating table as the EU, we must demand that they subscribe to the same core international labour standards.
The EU is going to play an important role in future developments in that region and it cannot renounce its important role in bringing peace to the region.
The EU is relying on SMEs and is creating the conditions under which they can develop and grow in order to create jobs in competitive markets. SMEs need less red tape, easier access to finance green markets and skills that match the needs of the real economy.
The EU is, in fact, the only trading block that does not provide direct funding to its GNSS programme.
The EU launched the EGNOS project (and Galileo) to provide signals guaranteed for civilian use and to ensure that European industry at all levels has an opportunity to compete in this growing strategic market.
The EU must be consolidated as a strong and credible player on the international stage, and to do this, we have to move towards an unequivocal message to promote our values, such as democracy and human rights, in our foreign relations, but also in the pursuit of our interests, such as those connected with energy security.
The EU must be very clear on this: charge them or release them.
The EU must define the broad thrust of its common foreign and security policy (CFSP) in the light of growing global instability. I am pleased to see that the report emphasises the need to involve Parliament in the process.
The EU must develop Frontex into a genuine border protection agency.
The EU must endeavour to overcome the digital divide that results in huge disparities within Europe - between urban and rural areas in particular - so as to ensure all citizens have equal access to services, especially those involving new technologies. I therefore welcome the ambitious targets proposed, to provide broadband access throughout Europe by 2020, with particular emphasis on wireless networks.
The EU must enhance its strategy for combating the factors causing deterioration of the forests, such as uncontrolled deforestation, fires and air pollution.
The EU must have a productive, social and environmental model with a long-term outlook that respects everyone's interests: companies, shareholders and workers.
The EU must invest in this so that we can deal with it. The European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development must be renewed and made greener, so that agriculture can become an example of proper and efficient dealing with natural resources.
The EU must maintain its humanitarian aid for Sudan and South Sudan even after 9 July 2011, and all political parties must work together to represent all the people of the country fully and to help build stable and democratic political institutions.
The EU must now take the right steps in responding to the Chernobyl and Fukushima disasters.
The EU must set an example in terms of the transparency of its institutions, so I welcome the amendments proposed by the rapporteur to modify Parliament's Rules of Procedure in line with the decision made by the Conference of Presidents at its 18 November 2010 meeting.
The EU must step in to fully cover the loss of this income while making it clear that we will recover that money from Israel by freezing all money due to Israel from the EU to the same value, until it stops this further breach of international law.
The EU must take a leading role in the quest for a speedy solution.
The EU needs a coherent foreign policy strategy based on the objectives and principles established in Article 21 of the Treaty on the European Union (TEU). EU action on the international stage is based on the principles that guided its creation, development and enlargement, with the objective of promoting the following values all over the world: 'democracy, the rule of law, the universality and indivisibility of human rights and fundamental freedoms, respect for human dignity, the principles of equality and solidarity, and respect for the principles of the United Nations Charter and international law'.
The EU needs to consider targeted sanctions and their use, since civil society should not be penalised given the current situation in Belarus.
The EU now needs to consider a substantial reinforcement of targeted measures against Rajoelina and his henchmen and cronies and, if necessary, to invoke the Cotonou Agreement's provisions on failures of governance and to apply the necessary sanctions.
The EU presence in Iraq consists of two officials and one ambassador.
The EU should also end its complicity with the continuing oppression of the Palestinian people.
The EU should also support and encourage artistic creation, as well as the mobility of culture professionals, so that it becomes increasingly universal and globalising.
The EU should continue to develop its foreign policy objectives and promote its values and interests at international level, with the general aim of contributing to peace, to security, to solidarity, to conflict prevention, to the promotion of democracy, to the protection of human rights, to gender equality, to respect for international law, to support for international institutions, to effective multilateralism, to mutual respect between nations, to sustainable development, to free and fair trade, and to the eradication of poverty.
The EU should increase humanitarian aid for Madagascar, and targeted sanctions should be continued until a solution to the political crisis has been found.
The EU should make better use of its foreign policy instruments so as to ensure better use of its leverage in multilateral organisations and to take the lead in addressing current and future international crises more effectively.
The EU should not be tempted to make any potentially 'convenient deals' with President al-Bashir in exchange for forgetting that he and his henchmen must be brought before the International Criminal Court (ICC) to answer for the war crimes and the crimes against humanity committed against the Sudanese people in Darfur.
The EU should support the initiatives of young and talented people to promote particular political strategies. A good example of such activity is the website Eastbook.eu, whose founders supply thousands of Internet users every day with information about events in the countries of the Eastern Partnership and the progress of the programme.
The EU therefore hopes that the government of Sri Lanka will recognise the constructive objectives of the report, and encourages it to engage with the UN Secretary-General on its contents.
The EU therefore welcomed the fact that, more than two years ago, President Obama announced and organised the closure of the camp within one year.
The EU took an important step with its political decision.
The EU wants to help Pakistan by contributing to the economic redevelopment of the country.
The EU's EGNOS and Galileo projects can contribute to competitiveness in every area of this sector of services, because they are markedly better and more accurate than the GPS system while also being compatible with it. Unfortunately, the countries in the east and south of the Union are still not covered by the EGNOS system.
The EU's Seventh Framework Programme is a crucial programme for improving the European added value in terms of research, development and innovation, at a time when Europe is lagging behind the United States in these areas, and is losing the headway it had over the emerging economies.
The EU's ability to influence the international order depends not only on coherence between its policies, actors and institutions, but also on a strategic concept of EU foreign policy which must unite all Member States behind the same set of priorities and goals, so that they speak with one strong voice in the international arena.
The EU's alliance with the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) and the United States to undertake wars and carry out acts of aggression in countries like Libya is proof of this.
The EU's commitment to effective multilateralism is the guiding principle of European external action. I think that, drawing on its internal experience of cooperation among nations and institutions, the European Union has a global responsibility which it should continue to uphold.
The EU's economy will not rise or fall because of them, but the loss of reputation that we could cause if we do not function in a reasonable manner and one that is acceptable in the eyes of the public is considerable, and that is why we really need to think carefully about what we are going to do.
The EU's external borders are riddled with more holes than a Swiss cheese and are also being undermined internally.
The EU's main objectives are to support peace between the two states and democratisation and prosperity within both of them.
The EU's motto of 'United in diversity' should also come to bear on the image that the Union projects to the outside world.
The EU's previous target of a 20% reduction in CO2 emissions is already hard to swallow for Polish and Central European industry, due to the high proportion of coal used in their power industries.
The EU's principles and values, which promote more effective and preventive multilateral action, make it an important international player in the emerging interpolar world order.
The EU's role could lie in the provision of humanitarian aid, while the North Atlantic Alliance would coordinate military aid.
The EU-Canada Air Transport Agreement, signed on 17-18 December 2009 and which will finally establish a full Open Aviation Area between the EU and Canada, will be the subject of a separate recommendation.
The EU-Canada Free Trade Agreement, like the others, also covers services and worthy, but inconsistent concerns are being expressed relating to 'negative lists' or others, which do not remove the threats also hanging over public services.
The EU-Canada comprehensive economic and trade agreement (CETA), with regard to which there are probably only the last few minor details that need to be worked out, will probably enter into force in the near future.
The EU-Georgia agreements on the simplification of the visa regime and readmission entered into force on 1 March 2011 and represent a welcome first step. I trust that the Commission will soon present an evaluation of the implementation of these agreements, so that by the next meeting of the EU-Georgia Cooperation Council it is possible to begin discussions on the course of further cooperation on visa issues.
The EU-India Summit on 10 December in Brussels instructed both sides to speed up the negotiating process to pave the way for the conclusion of negotiations in 2011.
The EU-Japan FTA would not only yield benefits in terms of an increase in the bilateral trade in goods and services, but also foster cooperation on the EU's horizontal priorities, such as cooperation in the field of innovation, regulatory cooperation and the fight against market abuse, and cooperation on tackling broad environmental challenges, etc.
The EU-São Tomé and Príncipe FPA can help to support the viability of the EU's tuna fleet in the Atlantic Ocean, offering the vessels and the EU areas dependent on them a stable medium-term legal framework and contributing to maintaining continuity in the fishing zones covered by agreements in the Gulf of Guinea.
The EUR 46 million forms part of an EU financial aid package worth around EUR 500 million which was approved by the EU back in October 2008.
The EUR 9 593 931 requested for the 2 834 redundancies that took place at 'General Motors' and four of its suppliers operating in the motor vehicles sector during the four-month reference period (June to October 2010) will be used solely for the reintegration of these workers who have lost their jobs as a result of the ongoing globalisation of world markets, and will in no way be paid out to the enterprise which orchestrated these dismissals.
The Early Warning and Response System and the Rapid Alert System for Food and Feed have provided a solid basis for exchanging information.
The Ecofin Council met on Monday and once again made amendments to the compromises that had been negotiated.
The Ecofin Council will review compliance with the programme for the first quarter at its meeting on 17 May, next Tuesday. I cannot say much in advance about that discussion, but the overall assessment is likely to be that Ireland's performance is in line with expectations.
The Erasmus programme you mentioned is also very important and I believe that in future, the Commission, the Council and the European Parliament should all increase their efforts to ensure that such programmes do not suffer, and that henceforth we have people, better prepared people, to implement many of the theoretical wishes that we have expressed here today.
The Europe 2020 Strategy and its flagship initiative, the 'Innovation Union', have been adopted in order to bring the European economy out of the crisis and to confront the social challenges that exist.
The Europe 2020 strategy has been agreed, its priorities are clear and its objectives are measurable.
The Europe 2020 strategy indicates the appropriate areas where this assistance should be focused, by outlining the priorities and vision of a strong, stable and modern Europe; a Europe which will have learnt its lesson from its recent economic problems and a Europe which will ensure jobs, energy security and healthy food for its citizens.
The Europe 2020 strategy lists the key factors for smart growth (fostering knowledge, innovation and education, and promoting the digital society), sustainable growth (more resource-efficient production going hand in hand with enhanced competitiveness), and inclusive growth (increasing the employment rate, training, and eradicating poverty). What is needed, as far as vocational education and training are concerned, is to take practical steps at EU level and in the Member States to breathe life into the strategy.
The Europe 2020 strategy lists the key factors for smart growth (fostering knowledge, innovation and education, and promoting the digital society), sustainable growth (more resource-efficient production going hand in hand with enhanced competitiveness), and inclusive growth (increasing the employment rate, training, and eradicating poverty). What is needed, as far as vocational education and training are concerned, is to take practical steps at EU level and in the Member States.
The Europe 2020 strategy lists the key factors for smart, sustainable and inclusive growth (increasing the employment rate, training, and eradicating poverty). What is needed, as far as vocational education and training are concerned, is to take practical steps at EU level and in Member States for putting the strategy into practice.
The Europe 2020 strategy puts the education of young people at the heart of its objectives and proposes targets for 2020: a reduction of early school leaving from 15% to 10% and an increase in the percentage of those having a higher education qualification from 31% to 40%. Nonetheless, I would like to insist on one point: obstacles to young people's mobility.
The Europe 2020 strategy should provide for smart, sustainable and inclusive growth. A results-based approach is also essential in relation to learning. 'Lifelong learning' is an absolute priority for our citizens, which is why access to vocational education and training must be a priority for us.
The Europe 2020 strategy states that the key factors for smart growth are not only fostering knowledge, innovation, and education, and promoting the digital society, but also sustainable and inclusive growth.
The Europe-wide cultural sector must be taken into consideration in the legal framework for international trade, certainly in the European dimension and in cultural diplomacy, in the internal market, in mobility ...
The European Arrest Warrant (EAW) was brought in by a 2002 decision and has, to date, been shown to be an effective tool in the fight against cross-border crime, organised crime and terrorism, as was, in fact, stressed by the Commission in a recent report.
The European Arrest Warrant marked an important step forwards in combating crime, by helping to create a European area of justice and to combat cross-border crime and terrorism.
The European Arrest Warrants are issued in relation to prosecutions or final convictions in the issuing state.
The European Banking Authority can issue recommendations to correct risks detected, so as to identify any institutions presenting systemic risk - which will be subjected to a higher level of supervision - and so that rescue, recovery and resolution procedures can be followed.
The European Capitals of Culture project helps to support the richness and diversity of European cultures and the features they share, as well as to promote greater mutual understanding between European citizens.
The European Central Bank (ECB) is certainly independent, and not only is its independence recognised by the Treaty - so it is therefore legal and Treaty-based independence - but I can also tell you that I have had some seven years' experience in this position, dealing very frequently with the ECB and being present on many occasions when the ECB has shown it does not need our support to affirm its independence. I want to reassure you on that point.
The European City Guide, Construct Data, TEMDI, EU Business Services, World Business Directory, Expo Guide and DAD are still operating unabated.
The European Commission and the Commissioner for Industry and Entrepreneurship intend to carry on supporting industrial policy and small and medium-sized enterprises, partly so as to provide answers to our citizens on the issue of the quality of the products made by our businesses.
The European Commission and the Council should openly combat democratic regression; if the Commission and the Council do not take action against the democratic deficit in the Union, it will result in severe problems.
The European Commission and the European Investment Bank (EIB) have developed three financial instruments, one of which is aimed at administering joint support for sustainable development in urban areas (that is, the Joint European Support for Sustainable Investment in City Areas, or JESSICA). With the aim of covering specific territorial needs, it is advisable to coordinate regional, national and EU funding opportunities in the best way possible.
The European Commission did not create its register of lobbyists until 2008, and the Council of the European Union still does not have one.
The European Commission has already introduced such a register, and the European Parliament is therefore only extending its application to MEPs, officials and other staff of the European Parliament.
The European Commission has proposed applying the principle of 'full harmonisation', since the current divergence in national legislation has contributed to the fragmentation of the market and the regulatory framework.
The European Commission has raised the quality of its IAs, particularly through the foundation of its Impact Assessment Board (IAB). However, in light of the report of the European Court of Auditors, I believe the Commission's IAs could be improved. I agree that closer involvement of the European Parliament's committees in this work could be useful in improving the quality of IAs.
The European Commission is a strong supporter of fiscal consolidation as a precondition for sustainable growth, but we are more than ever conscious of the sensitivity of the economic debate now being discussed as the 'relaunch versus austerity' problem, and this was discussed even today in the College.
The European Commission must consider the consequences of its decision to include all services automatically and by default.
The European Commission must encourage and support Member States so that they include, to a larger extent, as part of the components making up national education systems, elements such as innovation and creativity, and encourage improvement in cooperation between education systems and the business world by developing new curricula and doctoral programmes, including at cross-border level.
The European Commission must include neighbouring states as well when carrying out the stress tests, applying to them the same test criteria established at EU level and taking into account the cross-border nature of the possible effects of nuclear energy.
The European Commission must indeed defend EU internal free movement and not throw gestures to the likes of President Sarkozy and Prime Minister Berlusconi for electioneering purposes.
The European Commission must translate the current 'Innovation Union' strategic document into an action plan with specific objectives and with measurable and time-framed targets.
The European Commission should increase the technical assistance given to Member State, regional and local government bodies and organise more training for them, in order to increase their capabilities and broaden their knowledge of the rules applied to address issues related to implementation.
The European Commission very recently published some additional results of research into Member State investments in this area.
The European Commission worked around the clock to be able to issue a positive report on 10 June. I can assure you that both the Croatians and the Hungarian Presidency have been working day and night to make this happen.
The European Commission, aware of the importance of the renewal of this partnership, and under the terms of the Council mandate, has launched a process aimed at renewing this protocol, fully pursuant to Article 218 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
The European Commission, with the publication of its Green Paper last year, has at last taken stock of the potential of our creative and cultural industries.
The European Council has also discussed the situation in our neighbourhood, in particular the implementation of the Partnership for Democracy and Shared Prosperity with the Southern Mediterranean.
The European Council says one thing, the European Central Bank says something else and the International Monetary Fund something else again.
The European Council will address strategic issues relating to asylum, migration and Schengen; building on the conclusions adopted by the Justice and Home Affairs Council of 9 June 2011.
The European Council will be invited to endorse the country-specific recommendations approved by the Council, which should be reflected by all Member States in their national decisions as regards their budgets and structural reforms.
The European Council, Parliament and Commission cannot ignore these violations of European values, because this may set a negative precedent for other illiberal regimes to follow.
The European Court of Auditors has carried out an extremely thorough investigation of the financial management of the 8th, 9th and 10th European Development Funds, not only in its annual report but in a great many special reports, and made really good and really valuable comments.
The European Court of Auditors reports a significant percentage of irregularities affecting different policy areas, averaging 2.8% of the budget year after year, and we continue to flow funds to these regions.
The European Court of Human Rights has convicted us on specific grounds, both for Dublin II and for its operability.
The European Defence Agency has ideas on this subject.
The European Development Funds (EDF) continue to constitute the principal instrument that the EU has for granting development aid to the African, Caribbean and Pacific (ACP) countries and the Overseas Countries and Territories (OCTs) and, though implemented according to specific financial rules, remain outside the EU budget.
The European External Action Service (EEAS) will have an important role to play in this regard. I hope it will be up to the challenge.
The European External Action Service is making a significant contribution to ensuring EU security.
The European Fisheries Fund (EFF) needs to effectively and substantially support the renewal and modernisation of fishing fleets, not least by making the different types of fishing more selective, and by replacing engines for reasons of safety, of environmental protection and of fuel efficiency.
The European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service (EGNOS) is ten times more accurate than GPS and it is predicted that accuracy to 45 centimetres can be achieved in the near future.
The European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service (EGNOS) system must cover the entire European Union, and should be extended to northern, eastern and south-eastern Europe.
The European Globalisation Adjustment Fund (EGF) was created in 2006 with the objective of providing additional support for workers suffering the consequences of major structural changes to the patterns of world trade, in order to enable them to re-enter the labour market.
The European Globalisation Adjustment Fund (EGF) was created to provide additional support to workers who are suffering the consequences of major structural changes in world trade patterns.
The European Globalisation Adjustment Fund is instrumental in alleviating the strains on workers that result as a consequence of changes in global work trade patterns.
The European Groupings of Territorial Cooperation (EGTC) can, as legal entities, play an important role. I believe their statute will soon be finalised, and this will greatly boost their standing.
The European Investment Bank, which administered these loans for two years, generally did not have information on the implementation of these instruments.
The European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction (EMCDDA) aims to collect data on drugs and drug addiction, so as to analyse changes in drug consumption among the population and to study the promotion of policies and actions aimed at reducing consumption.
The European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction (EMCDDA) plays a vital role in collecting data about drugs and drug addiction, adding to the store of objective, reliable and comparable data at European level, which provides a basis for analysing demand for drugs and ways of reducing it, as well as phenomena associated with the drug market in general.
The European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction (EMCDDA) was set up in 1993, and its main tasks are to collect data on drugs and drug addiction, and to prepare and publish objective, reliable and comparable information at European level.
The European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction plays a vital role in collecting data on drugs and drug addiction and preparing objective, reliable and comparable information at European level.
The European Order for the Preservation of Assets (EOPA) and the European Order for the Disclosure of Assets (EODA) may prove to be good instruments for this requirement.
The European Parliament - having regard to the Council's recommendation of 16 June 2011 (10057/2011), having regard to Rule 109 of its Rules of Procedure, having regard to the report of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, whereas by letter of 20 May 2011 the European Council consulted the European Parliament on the appointment of Mario Draghi as President of the European Central Bank for a term of office of eight years with effect from 1 November 2011, whereas Parliament's Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs then proceeded to evaluate the credentials of the nominee, in particular in view of the requirements laid down in the second subparagraph of Article 283(2) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU) and in the light of the need for full independence of the European Central Bank pursuant to Article 130 TFEU, and whereas in carrying out that evaluation, the committee received a curriculum vitae from the candidate as well as his replies to the written questionnaire that was sent out to him - delivers a favourable opinion on the Council recommendation to appoint Mario Draghi as President of the European Central Bank. I am against his appointment.
The European Parliament also advocated the ratification by the EU and its Member States of the International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers.
The European Parliament and Council must comply with European legislation, while the Commission has to oversee this as Guardian of the Treaties.
The European Parliament and the Council invite the Commission, when drawing up the report pursuant to Article 24a of the regulation, to consider their impact on possible new labelling requirements including with a view to improving the traceability of textile products'. That is all and now the Minister will nod I hope.
The European Parliament and the national parliaments ultimately play a crucial role in the achievement of this ambitious objective, and their role must therefore be strengthened throughout the surveillance process, at national and international level alike.
The European Parliament approved the provisions set out in this Green Paper, but the EU's strategy on forests should be strengthened, the objective being to improve the management and conservation of forests.
The European Parliament congratulates the agency on adopting a multiannual work programme for the period 2011-2015 and underlines the importance of such a document for the Agency to adopt efficient organisational arrangements with a view to implementing its strategy and achieving its goals.
The European Parliament expressed overwhelming support for this in its vote on the proposal in May 2009.
The European Parliament has added a requirement that, in future, businesses will be obliged to state where a textile product comes from via what is known as country of origin labelling.
The European Parliament has also several times called for a directive on the management of radioactive waste and spent nuclear fuel.
The European Parliament has brought an end to the long legislative procedure on the Consumer Rights Directive by adopting the Schwab report, which is a satisfactory compromise with the Council and the Commission.
The European Parliament has gained new competences since the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon, and it should cooperate actively with European and international trade unions in order to improve the social situation.
The European Parliament has so far lacked an impact assessment body. I therefore applaud the fact that the report calls for the creation of infrastructure making it possible to evaluate the impacts of proposals and plans formulated in Parliament.
The European Parliament has spoken out again on the European budget through the Multiannual Financial Framework, a kind of EU five-year plan.
The European Parliament is also calling for the protection of workers, payment of overtime, minimum wages and rejection of social dumping.
The European Parliament is clearly willing to hold a serious debate on lobbying and the rules for lobbying.
The European Parliament is presenting the European Commission and Council with its vision of the European Union's priorities for the 2014-2020 period for the first time.
The European Parliament is very concerned about the massive crackdown on freedom of expression and assembly carried out in Azerbaijan following the peaceful protest against the government in March and April of this year.
The European Parliament legislative resolution on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on the permissible sound level and the exhaust system of motor vehicles will help to achieve the main purpose of the proposal - to undertake a codification of Council Directive 70/157/EEC of 6 February 1970 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to the permissible sound level and the exhaust system of motor vehicles. I agree with the initiative of Mr Sajjad Karim and I voted 'in favour'.
The European Parliament must adopt a position on principle, which is that the rules of the game cannot be changed midway.
The European Parliament must stand up for a strong, fair and well-financed CAP.
The European Parliament relies on you to seize this opportunity to save innocent lives and avoid further violence and bloodshed.
The European Parliament resolution further calls on the EU countries which are members of the ILO to adopt these instruments at the ILO conference in June 2011 and calls on the EU Member States to ratify and implement the convention and recommendation quickly.
The European Parliament should ask the Ukrainian Prosecutor General to lift this ban.
The European Parliament should have been involved in the negotiations from the very beginning, or should at least have been kept informed as to their progress.
The European Parliament should play a key role in this process, and it must be kept up-to-date with the situation in Bulgaria and Romania.
The European Parliament urges the Commission to speed up its activities with regard to revising and improving Directive 2006/114/EC and other relevant legislation so as to put an end to the misleading practices of business directory companies as soon as possible, notably by specifically blacklisting misleading practices by business directories. I fully agree and I voted in favour.
The European Parliament voted in favour of waiving the parliamentary immunity of Romanian MEP Mr Severin and rightly so. Indeed, after corruption allegations were made against him following articles published in the Sunday Times in March (remember the corruption scandal that shook Parliament), the Romanian National Anti-Corruption Department instituted proceedings against Mr Severin on the grounds that he is alleged to have accepted a payment of EUR 100 000 from representatives of a so-called consultancy firm set up by the Sunday Times, in exchange for his supporting a draft amendment to the Directive on Deposit Guarantee Schemes.
The European Parliament was the first European institution to address the phenomenon of an increasing number of interest groups at European level, and it is therefore necessary to examine the consequences of this evolution.
The European Parliament welcomes the Commission's proposal to open negotiations on the renewal of the protocol between the EU and the Islamic Republic of Mauritania, while underlining that it should be maintained only if it is mutually beneficial, adjusted appropriately and implemented correctly.
The European Parliament welcomes the fact that the Centre will carry out a mid-term review of its strategy for 2008-2012; however, it invites the Centre to further develop the appraisal of its own performance, by improving the synergies between its strategic activities and the activities foreseen in its work programme and by reviewing the indicators for monitoring its performance in order to comply with SMART criteria.
The European Parliament's entire vision is firmly grounded in the Europe 2020 strategy.
The European Parliament's seat in Strasbourg is a question of European identity, not just a question of saving money. I am discussing this today, in this House, during the debate on the 2009 discharge because the symbol of Franco-German reconciliation is being treated by some members of the Committee on Budgetary Control as a blessing, as an easy way to cut costs.
The European Regional Development Fund and the other Structural Funds have accomplished a great deal, but they can and must do more and better for the European Union.
The European SME Week in October will be a good opportunity to work together to raise awareness of SME policy and the needs of SMEs everywhere in the European Union.
The European Social Fund should become a political priority in order to achieve social and employment goals.
The European Training Foundation assists essentially the neighbourhood countries with reforms of education and training systems, while Cedefop promotes information gathering and research on the vocational training policies of the Member States.
The European Union and Japan are industrial giants that share democratic values and together represent 38.5% of the world's gross domestic product.
The European Union and its Member States have already generously provided Pakistan with humanitarian aid, but the extension of trade preferences in this country is part of a larger package of measures that would address the medium and long-term economic consequences of the catastrophic floods.
The European Union and its Member States must create for themselves the means to respond jointly to the major social, economic, environmental, demographic and ethical challenges facing Europe's states, such as an ageing population, citizens' health, food supply, sustainable development and the major environmental issues.
The European Union budget should provide the highest degree of European added value, be managed soundly, and leverage as many public and private resources as possible.
The European Union cannot carry out more measures in more Member States with a smaller budget.
The European Union continues to build its trade policy with consequences that affect the various Member States profoundly but differently.
The European Union has a responsibility to convey clear messages on the importance of democracy, human rights and respect for the rule of law.
The European Union has always been concerned with the free movement of people and goods.
The European Union has been calling for the closure of the detention camp at Guantánamo Bay for many years.
The European Union has found itself a new mission.
The European Union has insisted in several resolutions on the need for an integrated approach between the different sectoral policies in order to achieve the optimal result for growth and development in the EU. The most decisive attempt to coordinate the efforts from EU programmes and funds stems, in my opinion, from the post-crisis era that Europe has entered.
The European Union has pledged to devote 0.7% of its Gross National Income (GNI) to Official Development Assistance (ODA) by 2015, which will mean increasing the current amount of European aid.
The European Union has prepared and agreed in March its proposal for the list of common steps towards the possible establishment of a visa-free travel regime, and we have indeed started negotiations in April.
The European Union has prior experience with stress tests, carried out by the Committee of European Banking Supervisors (CEBS). The experience dates from May 2009, when the Ecofin Council mandated the CEBS to organise stress tests on the financial system, in cooperation with the European Commission and the European Central Bank.
The European Union has set itself the objective of becoming the world leader in Global Navigation Satellite Systems (GNSS) with the European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service (EGNOS) and Galileo programmes, thus ensuring its technological independence from American GPS.
The European Union has taken actions in this respect, targeted at agriculture, adapting to climate change, forestation, the management of marine resources and coastal areas, as well as water management.
The European Union has the facility to make greater use of the European Development Fund for this purpose.
The European Union has the potential to become the world leader in innovation and inventions.
The European Union is a major international player on issues regarding the management of fishing.
The European Union is at the vanguard in promoting social policies at global level and calls on developing countries to respect WTO contracts.
The European Union is aware that such trade concessions, especially in sensitive sectors such as textiles, might have an impact on EU industry, and therefore we have ensured that a balance is kept between the needs of Pakistan and the interests of our own industry and other supplier countries.
The European Union is built on fundamental principles such as the equality between men and women.
The European Union is equipped with long-standing legislation protecting its waters, of which the most important part is the Water Framework Directive.
The European Union is made up of a rich and diverse mix of educational traditions, with early years education provided in a number of different ways across the continent. I voted for this report which, although it acknowledges that an EU approach to early childhood education services would be difficult to implement, encourages the development of a single European framework comprising shared goals and values, including shared entitlements and structures.
The European Union is seen around the world as an attractive and sought-after partner, and this owes much to the unique way in which it combines economic dynamism with a social model.
The European Union is the world's biggest provider of development aid and the United Nations' main partner in supporting the latter's efforts in carrying out its activities.
The European Union itself was born in the ashes of conflicts that remind us how terrible life can be when democracy breaks down.
The European Union must continue with its humanitarian aid to the people and must contribute to finding an agreement between the parties that facilitates a neutral transitional government, which is consensual and inclusive, in order to restore constitutional order and call free and transparent democratic elections that allow all political movements and leaders to participate freely and let the Malagasy people decide their future.
The European Union must enable the creation of new financing instruments promoting research spending and private investments.
The European Union must have greater political strength and not just economic strength.
The European Union must have the highest standards in the world and must exert an influence on international authorities so that, within the framework of global governance which has begun to emerge, people throughout the planet can be certain that the strictest possible safety criteria are being applied as scientific knowledge develops.
The European Union must introduce measures to support the creative sector.
The European Union must make it clearer to Russia that it should respect its international obligations and commitments.
The European Union must play a proactive role in creating a United Nations Organisation which makes an effective contribution to global solutions, peace and security, as well as democracy and international order, based on the rule of law.
The European Union must receive regular reports on the implementation of the agreement in order to facilitate monitoring, transparency and policy coherence for development.
The European Union must remain firm with regard to the principles and objectives it has set itself; namely, combating global warming as a priority issue and reducing greenhouse gas emissions caused by fossil fuels.
The European Union must set an example. I know that, at times, we have a tendency to think that the conventions of the ILO are perhaps not for us. No. We, too, must lead the way on this point.
The European Union must show its support for Pakistan and help to minimise the devastating effects of the floods, as it has done through its policy of humanitarian aid and international cooperation when other tragic events have occurred.
The European Union must work to introduce a European status so that they can enjoy fair working conditions and social protection.
The European Union must, in my opinion, seize this opportunity to assert its cultural uniqueness and encourage creativity. I am bound to vote in favour of this report, which regards our culture no longer as a heritage of the past but as one of the driving forces of the European diplomacy of tomorrow.
The European Union needs new synergies and an integrated approach between the different sectoral policies in order to achieve the optimal result for growth and development on the ground.
The European Union needs to do more to support the International Labour Organisation, since it is absurd that, while we profess support, fewer and fewer countries are ratifying and respecting the conventions.
The European Union produces more that 40 000 m3 of radioactive waste each year, 80% is short-lived low-level radioactive waste and about 5% is long-lived low-level radioactive waste.
The European Union rejects the possibility of implementing protectionist measures, and seeks equal access to public sector markets in the EU and in third countries.
The European Union respects the culture of its neighbours and should not intervene on questions of morality or axiology.
The European Union should not point the finger here; instead, it should put forward its own solutions and compromises in order to improve the situation.
The European Union should play a leading role on the world stage to force other countries to respect international standards in labour law and thus limit the frantic quest for social dumping.
The European Union should play an active and leading role in global governance reform, by enhancing cooperation, improving institutions and engaging all stakeholders, This would make international institutions and organisations more legitimate, effective and conducive to shared responsibility.
The European Union should take inspiration from the model followed in the World Trade Organisation (WTO). For more consistent and better-integrated cooperation, it should have observer status in the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO), be more closely coordinated with the Council of Europe, and participate fully in the activities of the G7/G8 and G20.
The European Union should therefore continue to use sanctions and incentives in bilateral and regional agreements in order to ensure the implementation of the social provisions of EU agreements.
The European Union should therefore play a more active and leading role in the reform of global governance. I am talking, in particular, about the need to reform the United Nations (UN) system to assign the Union a place and, in particular, about its representation on the UN Security Council.
The European Union therefore calls for the EU agricultural budget in the next financial programming period to be maintained at least at the same level as the 2013 agricultural budget.
The European Union will face major difficulties in relations with Russia unless the two partners rely on the same values and principles.
The European Union will only be able to compete against its rivals at a global level if cohesion policy can fully tap the development potential not only of urban regions but also of rural areas, with their endogenous potential, and if it can offer a sufficiently flexible response to the challenges and difficulties identified by the Europe 2020 strategy.
The European Union's attempt to combine the harmonisation of the internal market with a high level of consumer protection can best be achieved by trying to raise the current minimum level of harmonisation in the direction of the best national practices existing in several Member States.
The European Union's commitment to effective multilateralism is particularly important.
The European Union's foreign policy appears to be poorly thought-out and poorly coordinated.
The European Union's poorest regions are developing rapidly at present, and one of the reasons for this is European funding.
The European Union's small and medium-sized companies should also receive particular attention and, as such, it will be appropriate to insist on the need to clarify the budgetary implications of the Europe 2020 strategy's flagship initiatives.
The European Union, as a trade partner and important negotiating partner at global level, should help promote higher labour and social standards in third countries. I therefore voted for this report, which underlines the crucial role that the EU can play regarding human rights, especially through the right to a decent job.
The European Union, through its funding for research and innovation, and through its support to agriculture but also to regional development, contributes in a very tangible manner to boosting the European economies.
The European Union, too, must be a pioneer in the promotion of social standards. I think that the notion of corporate responsibility should be included in all EU policy and trade agreements.
The European Urban Agenda not only includes the urban dimension of EU policies, in particular cohesion policy, but also the intergovernmental strand of European-level efforts to coordinate the urban policies of the Member States, the latter being implemented through informal ministerial meetings.
The European aircraft industry has long been the chief supplier of civil and military technology in the international market.
The European budget must be a budget which will support the Member States as they exit the crisis, and which is also able to respond to unexpected events more flexibly. I also welcome Parliament's support for the idea of categorising some areas as intermediate regions, in order to ensure that their further development is promoted despite the fact that they exceed the currently binding criterion of 75% of the European Union's GDP.
The European budget must be increased and must be based on real own resources if we want a strong Europe for its citizens and towards the rest of the world.
The European budget should assume new functions as a toolbox for disciplining the Member States' public finances, but it cannot be blamed for mismanagement of public finances at national level.
The European consumer, of course, certainly benefits from India's cheap labour force, as reflected, for example, in lower prices for products, but that should not be allowed if India's primary producers are going to suffer.
The European delegation was led by the President of the European Council, Herman Van Rompuy and the President of European Commission, Jose Manuel Barroso.
The European economic governance package on the European Parliament's agenda can create the mechanisms the EU needs for its future, in the way that its architects imagined it. Adopting the economic governance package will entail close coordination, fiscal discipline, economic supervision, effective decision-making rules, powerful European institutions, thereby underpinning the EU's resurgence.
The European farming sector is of socio-economic importance, particularly in terms of ensuring the security of food supply and in terms of promoting rural communities and the environment.
The European framework in itself is not enough; thus, for example, we believe that tax systems need to be simplified and to be made friendlier for small and medium-sized enterprises.
The European initiative to create the Galileo and European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service (EGNOS) programmes will not only enable Europe to establish autonomy and strategic independence from other economic blocs, but, above all, will also bring improvements to the daily lives of Europeans, and will generate direct and indirect benefits for the European economy.
The European institutions did not pass muster then and were not able to prevent panic from spreading across the European Union.
The European public demands a high level of transparency from its representatives, not only in theory, but in practice, above all.
The European recycling and waste management sector, which is bound to comply with the EU's rigorous environmental legislation, is a dynamic one.
The European satellite navigation programmes, Galileo and the European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service (EGNOS), will enable Europe to establish autonomy and strategic independence from other economic blocs, which is very important, and will contribute to improving the lives of the European public, as well as bringing direct and indirect benefits to the European economy.
The European single coinage system should inspire public confidence and include technological innovations to ensure that it is secure, reliable and effective.
The European teams will be made up of nuclear experts from the various Member States and Commission officials.
The Eurovignette Directive already involves charges, but Member States are not obliged to impose these charges.
The Eurovignette is a measure which penalises the outlying countries of the EU at a time when those countries are undergoing a period of economic and financial difficulty, whilst, at the same time, providing additional revenue for the countries of central Europe.
The External Action Service has been in operation for more than a year: we can now expect some results from it.
The External Action Service should coordinate the work of different Directorates-General and create a Directorate-General for cultural and digital diplomacy. EEAS staff should be trained, and a cultural attaché is needed in each EU representation.
The Falbr report also mentions the importance of corporate social responsibility and compliance with it by companies in the EU, given that their assumption of corporate social responsibility makes a decisive contribution in promoting social prosperity and environmental protection and in combating poverty in countries in which they are active.
The Federal Government in Germany completely failed in connection with the EHEC epidemic.
The Ferreira report is part of the legislative package for reforming economic governance, which consists of six reports resulting from months of negotiations.
The Fisheries Partnership Agreement between the European Union and the Islamic Republic of Mauritania must be considered a strategic document of understanding that is very important as far as relations between the EU and Africa are concerned.
The Food and Veterinary Office and the European Food Safety Authority should carry out further inspections and analyses in this field and submit recommendations. I agree that the Commission must hold talks at international level in order to ban antimicrobials as growth promoters in animal feed, and to bring this matter up in its bilateral negotiations with third countries.
The Foundation must therefore take steps to improve its evaluation and review procedure to avoid the repetition of such errors in the future.
The French President then naturally asks whether they have a screw loose.
The French will abolish it.
The Fund must concentrate its efforts on creating employment, promoting lifelong learning, helping in particular low-skilled workers, those outside the labour market, along with the most vulnerable groups, those who suffer discrimination and, of course, SMEs.
The GNSS (Galileo and EGNOS) satellite navigation system project, like the Schengen Information System II project, has turned into a bottomless money pit.
The Galileo idea is a good one in principle; however, the costs must be brought under control. I took this into consideration when voting.
The Galileo programme, which, in conjunction with the European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service (EGNOS), aims to create a global navigation satellite system (GNSS), is in line with a strategic choice on the part of the Union: it confirms its entry onto the global market, while its efforts assert itself in the global market, which is currently dominated by the United States, and is important to boosting the European economy itself.
The Galliga Polledo report devotes much attention to the Europe 2020 programme. I believe that earmarking significant amounts of money for the objectives of this programme may result in a drop in funding for programmes which are important for European cohesion and development, such as the cohesion fund.
The Garriga Polledo report assumes a figure of between 75 and 90% for the intermediate category for regional support.
The German Free Democratic Party delegation in the European Parliament assumes that the inclusion of Romania and Bulgaria in the Schengen area will further improve freedom of movement within the EU. Now that both Member States have achieved positive evaluation results in all areas of the Schengen review, there should be no more obstacles to delay inclusion further.
The German authorities accepted the Commission proposal to dispatch to Germany experts in epidemiology of food-borne diseases from the Commission, the ECDC and the EFSA.
The German request had been seen as an attempt to impose the political authority of Germany and the Anglo-French-German bloc within and outwith the EU. However, the adoption of the Italian position through this proposal confirms that the possible enlargement of the Security Council would also assure Italy the chance of having its voice heard on crucial international issues outside the EU. I have therefore voted in favour.
The Global Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy Fund was set up in 2006 with the aim of mobilising private investment for projects supporting energy efficiency and promoting renewable energy sources in developing countries and in countries with economies in transition.
The Greek Government is ready to engage with us in this approach. I believe we should also be ready to react in a very positive way, always on the basis of strict conditionality regarding the necessary reforms for that country.
The Greek programme has been running for one year and its counterpart in Ireland for about five months of the three years of the programme.
The Greens insisted on the promotion of 'cultural cooperation' instead.
The Greens/EFA voted against the committee report, did not support first reading agreement negotiations and consequently has not co-signed the agreement to plenary.
The Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe has submitted a motion for a debate on the selection process of a new Managing Director for the IMF and external representation of the euro, directly after Jo Leinen's report on European environmental economic accounts.
The Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) calls on all Member States to participate fully in this debate.
The Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) has been monitoring this issue and, in particular, that of Darfur, over the course of several parliamentary sessions, and successfully sponsored the candidacy of the Sudanese lawyer, Salih Mahmoud Osman, for the 2007 Sakharov Prize.
The Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) is appealing for the Community method to be used to negotiate the legislative package merely to prevent our Member States from being able to shirk their obligations too easily, as they have done in the past.
The Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) wanted to add to the document presented by the rapporteur, Mrs Balzani - whom obviously I thank for her work - thus helping to underline the need to have sufficient resources for financing the objectives of the Europe 2020 strategy, which is central to the 2012 budget, and the key role of the Community budget as a method of realigning the policies of Member States.
The Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance has requested that today, on Wednesday 22 June 2011, the debate on economic governance take place immediately after the debate on preparations for the European Council meeting and before the Dess report on the common agricultural policy.
The Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament has made a decisive contribution - partly as a result of the numerous amendments tabled both in the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development and in plenary - to achieving a convincing result, thereby sending a clear message to the European Commission ahead of the legislative proposals scheduled for October.
The Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament is also significantly increasing its commitment to the region. I am mentioning this to emphasise how important it is for us to make a commitment at every level.
The Haglund report is part of the legislative package for reforming economic governance, which consists of six reports resulting from months of negotiations.
The Heads of State or Government must have the courage to regain the sovereignty of their national, democratic power to act.
The Honeyball report, despite being otherwise commendable, dares not ask for this minimum.
The Hungarian Presidency believes in a work-based economy and society, and regards small and medium-sized enterprises to be among its key partners in this.
The Hungarian Presidency believes that the regulation will provide greater legal certainty for economic operators, and will improve consumer protection on the Internal Market.
The Hungarian Presidency has some important success stories under its belt: the Danube strategy and the adoption of the Roma strategy.
The Hungarian Presidency is strongly convinced that the newly adopted - not revised - Hungarian constitution is fully in line with the basic values and principles on which the Union is founded.
The Hungarian Presidency started a review and wanted you to take it over, but you stopped it. I do not understand why. I can only recommend you dare more, delegate more.
The IAs used by the European institutions should comply with certain principles.
The ILO plays an essential role on the international scene by drawing up, promoting and translating these standards into reality.
The IMF is not a symbol but a working institution that needs someone at the head of it who has a strong understanding of the financial markets, the necessary skills gained from managing a large economy and the ability to communicate tough decisions to the general public.
The IMF should be a tool against speculation, which is suffocating populations today, an effective tool for stabilising agricultural and commodities markets, in order to combat the tax havens that people often talk about.
The India-EU Summit in December came out with a strong commitment expressed by both sides to conclude the negotiations as soon as possible.
The Innovation Union flagship initiative is the most significant and targeted Community attempt so far to introduce a strategic, integrated and business-oriented European innovation policy to supplement Member State efforts, whereby innovation is steered and progress monitored at the highest political level.
The Innovation Union is intended not only to provide an answer to shared problems facing our societies but, at the same time, to increase Europe's competitiveness and point to ways out of the economic crisis.
The Innovation Union should also increase Europe's competitiveness, to help find a way out of the economic crisis.
The Internal Market and Consumer Protection Committee, as the committee responsible for the legislation, has recently taken up this issue with the Dutch authorities, drawing their attention to fraudulent practices by a business directory company established in the Netherlands.
The Internal Market can be revitalised by encouraging cross-border transactions and I believe that this report will help achieve this objective.
The International Labour Organisation (ILO) convention, supplemented by a recommendation on domestic workers, could be another step in the right direction.
The International Labour Organisation (ILO) is currently working on drawing up a convention on domestic workers.
The International Labour Organisation's latest reading of the matter is that 115 million children are engaged in hazardous work - one of the worst forms of child labour - that puts the child's life and health at risk.
The International Labour conference, which will take place in June this year, will be the chance for members of the International Labour Organisation to adopt a 'Convention on decent work for domestic workers'. This instrument is a step in the right direction for the rights of workers across the world since it extends labour law standards to domestic workers, a category who, until now, were excluded from these standards.
The International Monetary Fund needs to become much more democratic and focused on human development, education and employment.
The Irish Government's Jobs Initiative has correctly concentrated on the jobs-rich sector of tourism; while the EU's Small Business Act has the potential to complement this in the area of SMEs over the coming years.
The Irish people must be convinced that their government is fully informed of any neighbouring threat and of what is being done to combat those security threats.
The Japanese Prime Minister has called for an 'open Japan' policy, and that is partly because he recognises that Japanese industry is stultifying in its present environment.
The Japanese market is currently subject to barriers, non-tariff barriers, as my fellow Members have also mentioned, which restrict import access, thereby impacting as a whole on trade activities and investments.
The Joint Undertaking final 2009 budget included commitment appropriations of EUR 325 000 000 and payment appropriations of EUR 157 000 000, and the utilisation rates for commitment and payment appropriations were 97.1% and 43.2% respectively.
The Lega Nord party is, and always will be, against this kind of iniquitous choice.
The Liberal group in this Parliament remains fully committed to combating terrorism, but without any concessions with regard to respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms.
The Libyan crisis aside, however, we must be mindful of the major strategic developments that mean that we must not give up on the ambition of a common security and defence policy, as enshrined in the Treaty of Lisbon, and which you, Baroness Ashton, must continue to inspire, support and speak up for.
The Libyan situation also confirms the inadequacy of Europe's military capability, which is well below the overall high level of national defence budgets.
The Lisbon Treaty has entrusted the Union with a new exclusive competence on foreign direct investment.
The Lisbon Treaty provides for the setting up of a European voluntary humanitarian aid corps with the objective of establishing a framework for joint contributions from young Europeans to the humanitarian aid operations of the Union.
The Lithuanian textile and clothing sector is one of the most specialised in Europe, with 1 000 enterprises involved in this sector employing 40 000 people.
The MEDIA programme is celebrating 20 years at the Cannes Festival this year and is supporting 20 of the competing films as well as festivals, performing arts and large exhibitions, which are taking place throughout the year and across Europe.
The MEPs of the Greek Communist Party voted against the report because it expresses in no uncertain terms the strategic policies and economic priorities of monopoly capital, which the EU is being called upon to serve and implement over forthcoming years, on the back of the unfolding capitalist crisis.
The MMF Garriga Report seeks to increase funding from Member States for the period 2014-2020 by 5%, and this I cannot support at a time when extreme adversity is being experienced in the UK from the government's dangerous and socially divisive austerity measures. I do support many of the measures promoted in the report and in the Green's amendments, particularly around the Green New Deal, the end of national rebates and Own Resources for the EU, and am mindful that part of the above-inflation increase is needed to meet obligations under the Lisbon Treaty.
The Mauritanian fisheries sector is extremely important to Mauritania's economy, representing 10% of the country's GDP and 35-50% of its exports.
The Member States are being called on to implement core labour law standards for businesses in their own countries.
The Member States are currently implementing tough national budgetary consolidation policies, and these policies have to find an important balance between the need to tackle the crisis and the need to relaunch the economy and investment.
The Member States are making efforts to reduce their spending; at European level too, we need to be able to target the financial resources available to us towards genuine priorities and added value for Europe. I think that, in this way, Mr Kelly, we can justify a substantial budget for the common agricultural policy by mentioning the positive contributions that this policy makes to European society, not just in terms of agricultural production for the markets, but also in terms of non-marketable production - products which are not paid for by the markets.
The Member States are making progress in delivering cohesion policy objectives, as evidenced by the national reports, although there is a certain inherent heterogeneity between states and regions.
The Member States do not use the resources of the European Fisheries Fund, although the European Union pays 50%. Something urgently needs to change in this regard in the interests of our fishermen.
The Member States have not yet been able to agree on the statute for a European private company.
The Member States have suggested freezing the EU budget for two reasons.
The Member States have to produce a report stating how much income these charges generate and what they have done to improve the system. I thus hope that a discussion arises between the payers, the road freight sector and the government on the use of this money and efficiency.
The Member States must come to individual agreements on the time periods, because a certain amount of flexibility is needed.
The Member States must commit themselves to continuing with the programmes as there must be increased collaboration between technology platforms, universities and the industrial sector as well as further simplification of procedures to eliminate the difficulties faced by small and medium-sized enterprises in accessing the research and development programmes.
The Member States must increase investment, ensuring accessible and quality early years education for all children, which can help reduce early school leaving, combat the educational disadvantages faced by children from vulnerable social and cultural groups and reduce the resulting social inequalities.
The Member States must ratify and implement this convention and recommendations quickly, because its implementation would address the needs of one of the most vulnerable categories of worker and would tackle the problem of undeclared work.
The Member States on the external borders of the EU are all under pressure from immigration and have turned into 'immigration camps' for Europe.
The Member States should have the right to make their own choices in respect of methods and timetables for limiting emissions, mainly through increased efficiency.
The Member States that play the biggest role in the applicant's entry into the EU should be responsible for examining his or her application for asylum.
The Member States then face the task of more systematically applying the European Code of Best Practices Facilitating Access by SMEs to Public Procurement Contracts.
The Member States will see the coordination and surveillance mechanisms reinforced in order to prevent any serious errors from being made with their budgetary policy that could threaten economic and monetary union.
The Member States' stability and convergence programmes, as well as the national reform programmes, are planned to be discussed at the Ecofin meeting in June, and I hope that at last, these programmes will mean a real breakthrough in each Member State's fiscal and economic policy.
The Member States, as evidenced by facts and figures published in national reports, are making progress in delivering cohesion policy objectives, despite the fact that some heterogeneity at the level of states and regions has been noted. I recall, moreover, that cohesion policy is a long-term mechanism and that most of the results will become visible only later in the programming period.
The Members of this House almost cheered when the UN Security Council decided to take military intervention in Libya.
The Mercosur Trade deal has the potential to seriously undermine European agriculture and the work of European farmers in delivering public goods and high quality, safe food. A quota of the size demanded by Mercosur would completely undermine Ireland's beef production.
The Millennium Development Goals deadline falls within the duration of the first financing instrument for development cooperation.
The Monti Report of 9 May 2010 - 'A New Strategy for the Single Market' - points out that, while freedom of movement for workers is a success overall from a legal viewpoint, it is the least-used of our four Single Market freedoms.
The Multiannual Financial Framework is a highly political issue that the special committee, working with the Committee on Budgets, has been discussing for over a year. I would like to congratulate the committee on its work. I hope that the European spirit found in the committee will shape the implementation of the framework and take Europe forward for the benefit of our citizens.
The Netherlands, my native country, which I and the other Dutch MEPs have a mandate to represent here, is ready for it; we have already freed up space for the fourth generation mobile Internet.
The Northern Ireland economy is a small and medium-sized enterprise economy - 97% of all businesses can be classified in this way - yet it is an economy that lags behind other regions of the United Kingdom and Europe in drawing down money from the framework programme.
The Northern army has occupied Abyei and 15 000 people have taken flight. I believe that we, the European Union, must help in a very tangible way as we did before and that this must take the form of getting food and humanitarian aid for the refugees moving as soon as possible and preparing the emergency humanitarian aid for the refugees.
The OFT does not have jurisdiction to tackle any scams from elsewhere, including from other Member States, so the problem continues and I continue to receive my share of complaints.
The PCC, which is going in June to Azerbaijan, should use this opportunity to raise the human rights issue but also to establish a more consistent dialogue with the country.
The PVV will thus also be voting against this recommendation.
The Parliament called for a European civil protection force, with the idea of having some kind of permanent body so that we would not have to keep relying on this hand-to-mouth exercise; we would set up the mechanisms so that we could go into action very quickly. I know you said we have made progress, but are we getting to the really ideal situation?
The Parliament has made clear that registration for lobbyists who want to meet with MEPs will be mandatory from now on. I am encouraged by the Council's signal that it will also consider arrangements to put in place such a register and urge them to do so without delay.
The Parliament was the first European institution to address the phenomenon of an increasing number of interest groups at European level and, especially, the consequences of this evolution for the legislative process.
The Partnership for Modernisation must fulfil not only the state-monopoly ideas of the Russian Government, but should create an area for untrammelled industrial and scientific activity, as Mr Fleckenstein said in his analysis here.
The Polledo report focuses attention on the numerous challenges faced by the European Union, but mainly on the need for ordinary citizens to be convinced that European institutions and the European Union are serving their values and interests.
The Presidency and Commission have already highlighted numerous - I think it was 50 - Parliament additions.
The Presidency believes that the compromise reached during the trilogues reflects a good, balanced and comprehensive approach.
The Presidency has convened an extraordinary meeting of the Council on Justice and Home Affairs for 12 May in order to discuss the issue of the management of migration and refugee flows.
The Presidency is, however, committed to doing its part to assist in ensuring that all necessary measures are in place in order to address the current problems.
The Presidency therefore put the state of play of the accession of Bulgaria and Romania to Schengen on the agenda of the JHA Council meeting on 24 and 25 February.
The Presidency-in-office of the Council and the Commissioner, Mrs Malmström, have both stated that these two countries comply with the technical and legal requirements, and I add my voice to theirs. I believe we should not consider any criteria other than the strictly technical and legal.
The President may grant a roll-call vote if he feels it does not disrupt the session or, for example, if there are many requests, he may ask the House.
The President of the ECB has indicated that it would be undesirable to have Eurobonds introduced in a situation where budgetary discipline is lacking.
The President referred the request to the committee responsible, pursuant to Rule 6(2). On the basis of several considerations and pursuant to Rule 6(2) of the Rules of Procedure, the Committee on Legal Affairs, having examined the reasons for and against waiving the Member's immunity, recommends that the European Parliament should waive the parliamentary immunity of Adrian Severin, while considering that, until a final sentence is passed, the Member should be immune from any form of detention or remand or any other measure which prevents that Member from performing the duties proper to the mandate.
The President will convey, on behalf of Parliament, a message of solidarity and condolence to the victims and to the community affected.
The Prespa Park area is a natural area of international importance owing to its geomorphological, ecological, biodiversity and cultural significance.
The Protocol covers a period of three years from the adoption of the Council decision on the signing of the Protocol and its provisional application, and the expiry of the current Protocol on 17 January 2011.
The RSPP will ensure that the digital divide is reduced by introducing measures to bring faster web access to all citizens and businesses.
The Republic of Croatia has requested that it be allowed to participate in the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction (EMCDDA), created in 1993 and based in Lisbon.
The Republic of Croatia is a transit route through which illicit drugs are smuggled on the way from the production countries to consumer countries.
The Republic of Croatia will accordingly take part in the Centre's work programme, be linked to the European Information Network on Drugs and Drug Addiction (REITOX) and share data with the EMCDDA.
The Republic of Croatia will also contribute financially to the Union to cover the cost of its participation and will also participate in the Management Board of the Centre without the right to vote until such time as it becomes a member of the European Union.
The Republic of Croatia will take part in the Centre's work programme, will satisfy the obligations of the regulation, will be linked to the European Information Network on Drugs and Drug Addiction (REITOX) and will share data with the EMCDDA, subject to the data protection requirements of the Union and national laws.
The Republic of Croatia will, in fact, take part in the Centre's European work programme on drugs and drug addiction.
The Research and Innovation Union scoreboard mentions that Japan and the United States invest a greater percentage of gross domestic product (GDP) in innovation than the EU, with the gap increasing over the last four years.
The Roma strategy of the Commission concentrates only on one side, the social tasks, and even in that respect, it shifts responsibility primarily to the Member States.
The Russia of today should not see this as a political attack, but as an offer of support in engaging with its own history, which, just like the history of the other countries in Europe, is characterised by positive as well as negative times.
The Russian Federation and the European Union have developed a close partnership, and the common fight against international terrorism stands as one of the many examples of this.
The Russian authorities are well aware that the European Union will be following the 2011 and 2012 electoral processes very closely.
The SBA calls on the Member States to improve the business environment for SMEs, so its principles should be duly implemented and adopted.
The Schengen Agreement currently covers 25 Member States with a common area for the free movement of people, by removing systematic checks at internal borders and creating a single common border.
The Schengen Agreement was concluded on 14 June 1985.
The Schengen Area is rolled back on a daily basis and national barriers re-emerge as the European spirit and legislation are ignored or broken by fellow Member States. A non-existent common foreign and security policy assisted by a huge External Action Service would seriously undermine European credibility in the world.
The Schengen acquis is, therefore, a fundamental instrument for the legal economy, and I am convinced that on 24 June this year, the Council will take important points for reflection from what is intended to be a strengthening of trust and collaboration between Member States.
The Schengen area and, in particular, freedom of movement, is an acquis communautaire that genuinely means something to our citizens.
The Schengen area will be one of the issues discussed at the Council's forthcoming meeting.
The Seventh Framework Programme (FP7) for research and technological development (R&TD) is the European Commission's largest financial instrument for supporting and promoting research activity, and it has a budget allocation of EUR 50 billion for the period 2007-2013.
The Seventh Framework Programme (FP7) for research and technological development (R&TD) is the European Commission's largest financial instrument for supporting and promoting research activity.
The Seventh Framework Programme (FP7) is a good opportunity for the European Union to develop its research policy, while also consolidating the European Research Area (ERA). Through this programme, Europe aims to satisfy the requirements of industry - and more generally, of European policies - for research and knowledge.
The Seventh Framework Programme (FP7) of the European Union for research, technological development and demonstration activities should be evaluated with a view to the current state of the European Union, but with an eye on the future.
The Seventh Framework Programme - which is mainly oriented towards research and technological development - is currently the only instrument for achieving the objectives laid down in the Innovation Union initiative and for expediting the transformation of Europe into a knowledge-based society.
The Seventh Framework Programme for research and development for the period 2007-2013 has been subject to a mid-term review by the European Parliament.
The Seventh Framework Programme for research and technological development (FP7) is the world's most significant research support programme, which plays a key role in maintaining the competitiveness of Europe and the implementation of the Europe 2020 strategy. FP7 demonstrates a significant added value in the field of European research and innovation.
The Seventh Framework Programme is not just about research in general; it is also about a specific field of research that ought to be of particular concern to all of us following the Fukushima disaster.
The Seventh Framework Programme of the European Union for research, technological development and demonstration activities (FP7) is the largest research support instrument in the world and represents the primary tool of European Union research policy.
The Seventh Framework Programme of the European Union for research, technological development and demonstration activities is the largest research support instrument in the world and the primary tool of European Union research policy.
The Single Market Act has placed a strong emphasis on supporting SMEs. A large number of the measures proposed, such as the review of the accounting directives, cutting red tape, improving access to the capital and public procurement markets, etc. feature in this communication.
The Slovak Government is striving for a peaceful, businesslike discussion of these issues on a bilateral level.
The Small Business Act (SBA) is based on a number of important policy pillars, such as access to finance, access to markets - the Single Market, international markets, public procurement - and better regulation.
The Small Business Act (SBA) is the strategic framework for better exploitation of the potential for growth and innovation of EU small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). There are around 23 million SMEs in the EU, which account for around 99% of all businesses and provide over 100 million jobs, playing a key role in economic growth, social cohesion and job creation.
The Small Business Act adopted in 2008 was a significant political step aimed at improving the business environment for SMEs, ensuring better and simpler regulation and simplifying market access.
The Small Business Act has been one of the most proactive acts of the past three years, and it is important that the EU continues to focus on SMEs.
The Small Business Act is a very important tool which helps us create a more favourable business environment for small and medium-sized enterprises.
The Small Business Act is based on a number of pillars, such as access to finance and access to the Single Market, international markets and public procurement.
The South must not react to provocation and not lose sight of the final objective, which is not only independence but also the constitution of credible institutions and the advancement of its population, 90% of which lives below the poverty line.
The Spanish Socialist delegation has voted in favour of the Merkies report on the Innovation Union: transforming Europe for a post-crisis world, because we agree with and are committed to the fundamental principles the report sets forth, which lay down the groundwork for transition to an intelligent, sustainable and fair European economy.
The Spanish State is a paradigmatic example of that: it is attempting to meet requirements by passing its deficit on to the autonomous governments and local councils.
The Spanish growers have already taken to the streets and today, in about 40 minutes' time, direct growers in Italy, too, will be demonstrating in the streets in Milan and the province of Latina, offering consumers fresh cucumbers and other fruit and vegetables to show that they are healthy foods and important for a healthy, balanced diet.
The Spanish horticultural sector has estimated the economic losses caused by the fatal errors in communication, which we now know about, at EUR 200 million a week. I wish to emphasise the responsible attitude demonstrated by this sector and its total cooperation with my country's authorities.
The Speaker of the Hungarian Parliament, László Kövér, recently said in connection with the Gabčíkovo-Nagymaros dam that military intervention was required from the Hungarian side, and that the Paris Peace Treaties did not apply to Slovakia, and he also questioned Slovakia's borders in the context of the spirit of this constitution.
The Sri Lankan Government has dismissed the panel's report, calling it illegal and biased. I believe that it is an objective reason for further investigations.
The Stability and Growth Pact and the entire framework for economic governance should be compatible with the Union's strategy for growth and jobs, and should complete it. I voted for this proposal for a legislative amendment, whose definitive text I hope to see adopted during Parliament's July plenary sitting.
The Stability and Growth Pact has not worked; even from the very beginning it was a failure.
The States in the Council are negotiating on the financial and economic future of Europe on an equal footing with the representatives of its citizens in the European Parliament.
The Structural Funds are one of the main tools for implementing the economic and social policy of the Union.
The Tamil Tigers are suspected of shooting civilians trying to flee.
The Treaties, in Articles 6 and 7, make it crystal clear not only that the Union and the Member States share certain values, but that the Commission has the duty to police respect for those values.
The Treaty also encourages cooperation with relevant international and regional organisations and groups of states, offering the Union an opportunity to become an effective global player.
The Treaty of Lisbon came into force at a time when many bilateral investment agreements with third countries were coming to an end and no transitional arrangements had been established to ensure an integrated move towards future agreements within the exclusive competence of the European Union. I think it is a good idea to undertake a reliable evaluation of all the bilateral agreements currently in force with third countries, and to adopt a strategy common to all Member States.
The Treaty of Lisbon enhances the EU's capacity to join various international organisations, entrusting it with a wider range of competences in its external action and offering it an opportunity to have a clearer and stronger single voice in the world.
The Treaty of Lisbon gave the EU great powers, with which the EU should further develop its foreign policy objectives and defend its interests worldwide with the overall aim of contributing to peace, security, solidarity, conflict prevention, the promotion of democracy, the protection of human rights, respect for international law, etc.
The Treaty of Lisbon gave the EU security and defence policy more opportunities.
The Treaty of Lisbon has broadened the EU's remit in the area of youth.
The Treaty of Lisbon has enhanced the foreign policy instruments, especially within the UN. In this regard, I would like to highlight point 12 of the report - the first step towards coordinated, effective action from Member States in the Security Council. I should emphasise that, at the moment, the UN is right in the midst of reforming its structures, which also allows the EU's representation in this forum to be restructured.
The Treaty of Lisbon has given the Union a voice through the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy/Vice-President of the Commission.
The Treaty of Lisbon introduces new parliamentary competences, thereby granting the European Parliament greater decision-making powers, along with responsibility for ensuring the smooth flow of business, providing information and guaranteeing citizens' safety.
The Treaty of Lisbon lays the foundations for the European Union to establish itself as a credible and influential player on the international scene.
The Treaty of Lisbon should represent a new political model in Europe, both in terms of the need to pool the resources of Member States in order to achieve optimum results, and of working on shared strategies and operations that will also make Europe into the political union its founding fathers dreamed of years ago.
The Treaty of Lisbon was a step forward for the EU. It has brought greater political and institutional involvement in relations between Member States, bringing them even closer on key foreign and domestic policies and strategies.
The Treaty of Lisbon was supposed to help Europe find a single voice on foreign policy, but last week we saw more proof of the lack of cohesion in EU foreign policy: after Osama bin Laden was killed last Monday, the Heads of State of the EU issued no less than five different statements within 24 hours.
The Treaty of Lisbon, by introducing the Union's legal personality, enhanced the EU's capacity to join various international organisations and provided the opportunity to assume a stronger and more influential position globally.
The Treaty of Lisbon, by introducing the Union's legal personality, enhances the EU's capacity to join various international organisations, entrusts it with a wider range of competences in its external action, provides, notably by the creation of the post of a Vice-President of the Commission/High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy (VP/HR) and the European External Action Service (EEAS), the Union with an opportunity for a clearer and stronger single voice in the world, as well as encouraging all types of mutually beneficial cooperation with relevant international and regional organisations and groups of states, and enables the Union to organise itself in such a way as to be able to become an effective global player. I believe that hitherto, the representation of the EU and its Member States in multilateral organisations, informal summits and international regimes has been fragmented, often ineffective, and still varies considerably. I also take the view that EU Member States should increasingly consider and rely on the EU as a multiplier of power in achieving the objectives they cannot achieve independently, and that speaking with one EU voice not only increases the chances of success but also improves the legitimacy and credibility of the EU as an important international actor in the emerging interpolar world, without it losing its identity of course.
The Treaty of Lisbon, which entered into force on 1 December 2009, extended the circumstances in which Parliament's consent is required for the conclusion of international agreements.
The Treaty of Lisbon, which entered into force on 1 December 2009, extended the circumstances in which Parliament's consent was required for the conclusion of an international agreement.
The Treaty on European Union provides a framework for, and encourages relations between, the European institutions and European political leaders, on the one hand, and civil society, EU citizens and representative associations, on the other.
The Treaty on European Union seeks to recognise and foster relations between the institutions and European politicians, on the one hand, and civil society, EU citizens and representative associations, on the other.
The UK Government is looking into HGV charges to bring us in line with Europe by 2015.
The UK decided to open up its labour market straight away, and is now enjoying the benefits of having employed around two million young, efficient and energetic Poles.
The UK has been politically taken over. UK law is made in Strasbourg, a monster red-tape factory is closing industry, and now we have tax but, because it is not football, the people are not informed.
The UK nuclear regulatory system is largely non-prescriptive.
The UN Panel of Experts clearly indicated that both the government of Sri Lanka and the Tamil rebels committed serious violations of international humanitarian law and human rights law, possibly amounting in some cases to war crimes and crimes against humanity.
The UN Secretary-General has set out five points on nuclear safety and, from what I have seen, they tally with the rules the Commissioner brought to us and on which he briefed us as to how we should proceed.
The UN presence is more necessary than ever to help observe the parties and stabilise the region, thus preventing the conflict from expanding.
The UN recently announced that at least 20 000 people have abandoned the town of Abyei and fled to the south, following the withdrawal of the North Sudanese army from the area.
The UN waited for a long time before denouncing the situation in that country.
The UN's Darusman report, which is the immediate pretext for this debate, states clearly that in those final stages, the LTTE used the civilian population as human shields, intensified the forcible recruitment of civilians, including children, into its ranks, executed civilians who attempted to escape the conflict zone and deployed artillery in proximity to displaced civilians and civilian installations such as hospitals.
The US dollar is usually used as the currency for comparison.
The Union budget is a tool for global and integrated development at a time when the Member States alone cannot ...
The Union budget is the main mechanism for activating solidarity between the Member States and is a strong tool for a reform that could mobilise additional private and public resources to support investments that will act as a catalyst in terms of the exponential effect of spending by the Union.
The Union continues to need a strong cohesion policy which will also be financed accordingly.
The Union has not been able to make up its shortfall in terms of innovation, in spite of the Lisbon strategy.
The Union is trying to equip itself with the right foreign policy tools (appointment of a High Representative, creation of the European External Action Service). With its newly improved status, the Union will now be able to express its position within the United Nations General Assembly.
The Union must apply the same criteria to all Member States, including when it comes to joining the Schengen area.
The Union must continue to be determined to supplement the emergency humanitarian aid which it generously granted to Pakistan during an initial phase with trade measures aimed at bringing about the Pakistani economy's sustainable recovery.
The Union must take into account its own consolidated representation and that of Member States in multilateral organisations.
The Union needs a new openness in relations with Russia because many new challenges have arisen since the last EU-Russia Summit which we cannot overcome without improved cooperation.
The Union now wants to respond to a crisis of the neoliberal model with neoliberal formulas and systematic expenditure cuts, especially in social security, even though this expenditure is known to be a defence against economic crises.
The Union should also intensify efforts to establish a University of the Eastern Partnership, modelled on the Euro-Mediterranean University in Slovenia.
The Union should take a more active and more responsible approach, not only in Azerbaijan, but also in the whole region.
The Union's interests are neither an amalgamation nor an extension of those of the Member States.
The United Nations' experts' report, made public on 25 April, found the allegations of violations of international humanitarian law and human rights credible.
The United States Department of Defence and its agencies have bluntly disregarded international law, in particular, the Geneva Conventions, with regard to the Guantánamo Bay detention camp.
The Venice Commission has cast doubt on the principle of democracy by accepting a constitutional law for cultural, religious, ethical, social, economic and financial policy. I expect a rapid response from the EU institutions to the opinion of the Venice Commission on the Hungarian constitution.
The Venice Commission has emphasised the individual nature of human rights, as the framework agreement for the protection of ethnic minorities does not assume any collective minority rights.
The Vice-President/High Representative (VP/HR) should be authorised to draft guidelines for regular consultations between the ambassadors of the Member States and the EU ambassadors, especially between those working at a multilateral level in places like Geneva and New York, so that the EU can successfully pursue its UN agenda and meet the expectations of UN members regarding its ability to act.
The Wallis report is an important step in implementing the Single Market Act, and I am delighted about its adoption.
The Waste Shipments Regulation prohibits exports of hazardous waste to developing countries, as well as exports outside the Union and the European Free Trade Association (EFTA) countries of waste intended for disposal.
The West has therefore paid dearly for the loyalty of a small and, moreover, diminishing part of the political leadership in Pakistan.
The WikiLeaks files have now given an even clearer picture of the grossest abuses of human rights that have taken place there - the widespread use of waterboarding, other forms of brutal torture to extract confessions and information - and they also revealed that hundreds of people were held in Guantánamo with no real evidence against them.
The Wortmann-Kool report is part of the legislative package for reforming economic governance, which consists of six reports resulting from months of negotiations.
The Youth on The Move (YoM) programme represents an opportunity to unleash the potential of young people and enable them to contribute to smart, sustainable and inclusive growth in the EU. The YoM initiative supports lifelong learning and the 'new skills for new jobs' initiative of the European Commission.
The Youth on the Move dossier does not focus very much on the importance of the market; we actually wanted to avoid that question altogether, but we have emphasised in several places that education systems need to adapt to the needs of society and the economy, and that this large gulf, this large gap, should be reduced as much as possible and that young people should be enabled to enter the labour market with as few obstacles as possible.
The Youth on the Move initiative has to be a political initiative to promote education, mobility and employment programmes for today's youth and as an incentive for Member States to attain the aims of the Europe 2020 strategy.
The Youth on the Move initiative is in response to this very aspiration, offering answers to the challenges faced by young people and helping them to be successful in the knowledge economy.
The ability to cope with the type and range of expected problems depends on natural regional conditions (mountainous areas, for example, are exposed to different problems than those of low lying areas), on the physiological sensitivity of forest vegetation, on how far individual ecosystems have developed their potential to adapt, on the intensity of the expected climate change (in Central and Eastern Europe, for instance, the change is projected to be one and a half times greater than the global average) and on the technical possibilities available to forestry to take adaptive action, for example, by changing species composition in favour of resistant trees.
The abolition of historical reference values, aid to farmers with small farms, a rebalancing in favour of the livestock sector and, above all, the adoption of the principle of the degressivity of direct payments, taking employment and the environment into account, represent crucial progress in this regard. I welcome the work carried out, which will also have made it possible to put in place tools committing agriculture to move towards more sustainable development, while taking into account the objectives of food security, the environment, territories and jobs.
The abolition of internal border control is particularly important for the entire European Union and each Member State individually.
The abolition of trade preferences could, however, have very negative consequences on the overall economic performance of the Western Balkans and, consequently, a negative effect on their domestic reforms and the transformation process.
The absence of harmonised rules in this area also deprives European producers of advantages relating to production in the EU. I believe the Commission will continue its efforts to find an acceptable solution in this matter.
The absence of regulatory certainty in this sector is putting the proper functioning of EU financial markets at risk and therefore requires the Commission, before tabling further amendments to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, to identify properly the gaps in the new framework and provide an impact assessment on the range of alternatives available to fill such gaps, including the possibility of further legislative proposals.
The absurdity is the tax applied to dematerialised cultural assets from two aspects.
The academic and professional background of Mr Draghi, as well as his hearing before Parliament, have shown that he has a deep understanding of, and clear ideas about, the necessary deepening of economic governance in the EU, and also about the importance of the stability of the euro for the resumption of growth.
The accession of a new State is conditional on strict compliance with the criteria of the Schengen Agreement.
The accusations are particularly serious, given that the German market is a key consumer of agricultural products, which is indeed the reason why it has received significant investments for the promotion of those products.
The action being taken in Libya under the auspices of the United Nations and on the initiative of certain European Heads of State or Government has demonstrated that, when it wants to, Europe - or some of Europe - can act decisively in difficult times.
The action plan tabled by the Commission makes valid proposals for the future of the EU approach to these issues, and enables the topic to be raised in a more solid and consistent way.
The action plan to encourage eco-innovation will also be implemented, paying particular attention to SMEs by promoting networking, low carbon technologies and efficient management of the use of resources.
The action plan was prepared by taking into account the general deployment of global satellite navigation systems and, specifically, the development and use of EGNOS (European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service). EGNOS is the forerunner of the Galileo system. GNSS are important for developing Intelligent Transport Systems (ITSs), because ITSs can provide more efficient, cleaner and safer transport solutions, and proper implementation of a number of ITS services requires fully operational GNSS systems. EGNOS and Galileo can make an important contribution to road traffic management and an awareness-raising campaign in that sector is required in order to increase the use of the opportunities it provides in relation to fee collection, eCall, online booking of safe parking sites for trucks, and real-time tracking to contribute to safer and more environmentally friendly road transport.
The action plan was prepared by taking into account the general deployment of global satellite navigation systems and, specifically, the development and use of EGNOS (European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service). The EU launched the EGNOS project (and Galileo) to provide signals guaranteed for civilian use and to ensure that European industry at all levels has an opportunity to compete in this growing strategic market.
The activity of interest representatives from a variety of areas in relation to Union institutions - in this instance, Parliament and the Commission - has undeniable advantages.
The addition of an intermediate category, on the other hand, would compromise the horizontal approach for Objective 2 regions, which has proven to be effective in recent years, the phasing-out system and funds for Objective 1 regions.
The administration of antimicrobials to animals has to take into account the potential threat of AMR in humans, frequently caused by inadequate doses of antibiotic medicines, by incorrect treatments and through the constant exposure of pathogens to antimicrobial agents in hospitals.
The administrative burden is relatively higher the smaller the size of the company - a disproportionate and incorrect provision which reduces the setting up of SMEs.
The adopted report helps to improve the functioning of the internal market, while at the same time bolstering consumer confidence.
The adoption in June last year of a new EU strategy, Europe 2020, is intended to help bring us out of the economic crisis and contribute to further development of the European Union.
The adoption of Mr Zahradil's proposal has reopened the debate on the importance of origin marking for products from third countries, as a measure designed to implement a trade policy that can prevent market disturbances due to a rise in foreign imports, and to sort out the complicated legislative environment that today makes it difficult for small and medium-sized enterprises to develop.
The adoption of a Parliament resolution on the European fisheries sector crisis due to the rise in oil prices is an opportunity for me to remind you how urgent it is for us to come to the aid of fishermen.
The adoption of a new constitution in a Member State is a matter for its people, for its institutions in accordance with the applicable national law and, where relevant, Union and international law.
The adoption of measures to substitute the existing agreements is the only way to ensure a high degree of protection for investors and to ensure that their rights are recognised and guaranteed by the legal certainty of such agreements.
The adoption of the Treaty of Lisbon has increased the number of cases in which Parliament's approval is needed to conclude an international agreement.
The adoption of the report by Mr Garriga Polledo marks an import step for this House: it constitutes a clear, pragmatic and realistic statement of the European Parliament's budgetary ambitions post-2013.
The adoption of this ILO convention can help reduce the numbers of working poor, improve working conditions and facilitate the social inclusion of some of the most vulnerable workers.
The adoption of this report is an important step forward as it lays the foundations for the general deployment of global satellite navigation systems and, specifically, the development of EGNOS, which should smooth the way for implementation of the Galileo system. I also gave it my vote because it will provide an opportunity to take concrete measures that will facilitate the development of transport in Europe, have a major impact on safety and environmental matters and improve traffic flow conditions for road transport.
The adoption of this would truly be a turning point for small and medium-sized enterprises, thus we are working on it very hard and also trust that Members will be able to exercise some sort of political pressure and motivate through their own channels in order to generate the necessary majority.
The adoption, ratification and implementation of the ILO convention can have an impact by reducing the numbers of working poor and improve the position of the large number of women on the labour market.
The adoption, ratification and implementation of the ILO convention would not only improve the position of a large number of women on the labour market for domestic work by guaranteeing them decent working conditions, but would also enhance their degree of social inclusion.
The advantages of the European Arrest Warrant by far outweigh any possible inconveniences.
The adverse scenario proposed by the banking authority, the EBA, envisages a significant shock in the form of price fluctuations of sovereign debt and the cost of its financing.
The age profile in farming remains skewed towards the older age group: 34.1% of farmers in the EU are over 65, while only 6.1% of farmers are under 35. A reformed CAP must account for this.
The ageing of the population is another challenge facing nearly every country in the EU. With the aim of giving people more years of healthy life, with the appropriate care and medicines, but, at the same time, controlling costs, a joint approach may yield results more quickly.
The agency's main tasks are to collect, analyse and publish objective, reliable and comparable information on the fundamental rights situation in the EU; to improve the comparability and reliability of data using new methods and rules; to carry out and/or promote research work and studies in the field of fundamental rights; to formulate and publish conclusions and opinions on specific issues, either on its own initiative or at the request of the European Parliament, Council or Commission; and to promote dialogue with civil society in order to make the general public more aware of fundamental rights.
The agency's procurement procedures and criteria for recruiting staff have also attracted criticism.
The agency's purpose is to provide the institutions and authorities of the European Union and its Member States with assistance and skills in the field of fundamental rights, and to help them adopt measures and define appropriate action, within the scope of EU law.
The agreement aims to ensure that bilateral trade between both parties runs smoothly and with a high level of customs security.
The agreement being proposed to the Council for adoption has been drafted precisely to meet these international requirements on preventing, deterring and eliminating illegal, unreported and unregulated (IUU) fishing through the implementation of effective measures by the state where the port is located.
The agreement clearly states that the Council would issue declarations at the most appropriate political level.
The agreement contains a detailed recommendation for Member States, precisely with respect to the utilisation of revenues, and states, inter alia, that 15% of generated revenues - and I emphasise this for Mrs Meissner in particular - should be used to finance trans-European transport projects. I would also like to add that this is the result of an adequate compromise and, as Mr Dirk Sterckx has also mentioned, a good and adequate one, although perhaps only a first step in the right direction.
The agreement governs many issues, including the presence of observers while fishing is in progress.
The agreement has in fact generated 230 crew jobs for the population of the Seychelles, 2 900 jobs in the Seychelles and 760 induced jobs in Europe in areas related to the sector.
The agreement must not jeopardise the Union's ability to review the Fuel Quality Directive and to refuse to import oil extracted from oil sands, the exploitation of which generates more carbon dioxide than the conventional oil extraction method, thereby entailing a major harmful environmental impact.
The agreement sets out financial contributions to the Union to cover the cost of its participation.
The agreement should instead be an opportunity for the Indian and European pharmaceutical industries to cooperate with one another.
The agreement specifies that all court proceedings against terrorist suspects must take place within a proper legal framework which ensures that appropriate procedural law will be followed and guarantees a fair trial which, as far as possible, is accessible to the public and efficiently run.
The agreement that was approved today after two years of intensive negotiations will simplify the placing on the market of new fibres and improve consumer protection on the internal market thanks to clear, visible and legible textile labels.
The agreement to be signed by the European Union will contribute towards reaching some of the important objectives for protecting this area, defending the ecosystem and introducing the sustainable use of renewable energy.
The agreement today with the Commission is not bad, but lobbyists must be obliged to put their names and their real interests in a register.
The agreement will be applied by parties, in their capacities as port states, for vessels not entitled to fly their flags, while seeking entry to ports or while they are in port.
The agreement will undoubtedly contribute to an increase in the level of investment and imports and exports for both parties to the agreement.
The agreement, which should be supported, anticipates that EU vessels, of which there will be 40 in the geographical area, will take at least 20% of their crew members from São Tomé and Príncipe or from other ACP countries (African, Caribbean and Pacific Group of States), and also provides the opportunity for an observer designated by the fisheries ministry of São Tomé and Príncipe to be on board.
The agreements should be adopted through a fruitful interinstitutional agreement that enables the European institutions to participate actively in them.
The agricultural sector still plays a strategic role today in our societies and economies.
The agriculture sector must be innovative and competitive, and those working in my own country remain committed to playing their valuable role in the wider European sector.
The agriculture sector's susceptibility to market instability and price volatility must be addressed and the CAP should guarantee a safety-mechanism and provision for effective risk prevention, which would give farmers a measure of income security in these economically trying times and serve to provide foresight of how global price volatility will affect developing countries.
The aid given by the EU to South Sudan must be measured in terms of the effective capability of this new state to absorb it. Indeed, we must ensure that future flows of funding to Juba do not end up being used inappropriately or, worse, adding to the already widespread corruption.
The aim and much of the content of Mr Falbr's report is, in my view, very positive. I also consider the focus on employment and decent working conditions to be a key element of sustainable development, and not just in EU countries.
The aim in the Commission's White Paper, by the way, is to achieve the mandatory internalisation of external costs by 2020.
The aim is to broaden the system to cover all EU Member States. A further aim is to have data on a more detailed level - at animal species level, for example.
The aim is to enable the EU to respond to the great societal challenges that concern all Member States and to which they cannot respond alone (ageing population and health, energy, water and food supplies, sustainable development, climate change, and so on), as well as to develop the knowledge to enable our businesses to innovate more and enhance their competitiveness.
The aim is to lay down rules regulating the content, presentation, examination and monitoring of stability programmes and convergence programmes, as part of the multilateral surveillance to be carried out by the Commission and the Council at an early stage.
The aim is to make the process of adding new fibres to the harmonised list of textile fibre names more transparent, and to adapt the legislation to technological developments in the textile industry.
The aim of Member State measures should therefore be to amend or even eliminate the advantages of undeclared work, so that domestic work becomes a specific form of dignified employment.
The aim of both agreements is to make the European and Canadian markets competitive in this area, as they are extremely important for the air transport sector. I would therefore like to ask what the trade agreement's impact will be on other agreements already signed between the European Union and Canada.
The aim of cohesion policy is sustainable and inclusive economic growth spread evenly across Europe and the reduction of disparities between regions.
The aim of cohesion policy is to reduce the disparities between regions and to promote social inclusion, for the sake of balanced and harmonious development. I voted in favour so as to ensure that funds are coordinated better and that regional and local authorities are involved in the development and implementation of partnership contracts.
The aim of the CAP is to support our farmers and to respond to major challenges: to produce enough food to feed our 500 million fellow citizens and to contribute to feeding the rest of the world.
The aim of the Commission's proposal to repeal Council Regulation (EC) No 1541/98 on proof of origin for certain textile products and to amend Council Regulation (EEC) No 3030/93 on common rules for imports of certain textile products from third countries is to simplify the legislation in force with a view to creating a better and clearer legislative environment for businesses, mainly with respect to the simplification of customs formalities carried out by importers of certain textile products released for free circulation in the Community.
The aim of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund is to help workers who suffer the consequences of major changes in the structure of international trade and to help them re-enter the labour market.
The aim of the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction is to collect data on the drug problem (sale, market, use) and to disseminate it in the Member States so that they can analyse and better respond to the problem. I therefore fully support Croatia's participation in the work of the Centre so that it can play an active part in combating this problem, the scale and devastating effects of which are dangerously on the increase in Europe.
The aim of the European Union is 'the ever closer union between nations'. Without erasing borders or calling into question their legitimacy, Objective 3, with EUR 8.5 billion, is seeking to reduce the negative impact of borders in the everyday lives of our citizens, in order to turn these dividing borders into connecting borders.
The aim of the FAO Conference, to which this decision relates, is to prevent, deter and eliminate illegal, unregulated and unreported (IUU) fishing through effective port state measures.
The aim of the Green Paper under consideration here is to draw conclusions from the global financial crisis triggered by the bankruptcy of the Lehman Brothers bank in autumn 2008 following the inappropriate securitisation of US subprime mortgages.
The aim of the compromise text, which is due in large part to Mr El Khadraoui, is to achieve gradual application of the charges in question, so that it is accompanied by gradual renewal of the European fleet.
The aim of the ongoing negotiations on a Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA) is the conclusion of a very wide-ranging agreement, with more ambitious goals than any of the economic and trade agreements negotiated to date by either the EU or Canada.
The aim of the proposal for a regulation on European environmental economic accounts is to provide instruments for use in achieving certain important objectives, such as developing a European environmental accounting strategy and extending the work of the statistics offices, which provide accounting data to administrative bodies. I voted in favour of the text because I believe it is important for sustainable development purposes to incorporate environmental topics in EU policies and to have national accounts and a European programme with integrated economic and environmental accounting in the areas of transport, recycling and prevention of waste, air emissions, climate change, and sustainable production and consumption.
The aim of the proposal is to simplify and improve the existing regulatory framework for the labelling of textile products with a view to encouraging the development and uptake of new fibres.
The aim of the resolution is to strengthen corporate governance, which is considered by the Commission to be the major element of the programme of financial market reform and crisis prevention. I disagree with that because it may lead to an increase in corruption and violations. I voted 'against'.
The aim of their work is not to produce added value, but to provide care or services similar to the tasks which women usually carry out free of charge in their own homes.
The aim of this policy is to do away with physical, administrative and regulatory obstacles to cohesion, and to reduce the 'border effect' between territories and regions in order to enable them to address their shared challenges together, whether those challenges are territorial (services, infrastructure, urban and regional planning), global (globalisation, climate change), economic or societal. I voted in favour because of the main thrust of the report, specifically: strengthening the 'territorial cooperation' objective through territorial cohesion programming at all planning stages and in coordination with the Europe 2020 strategy; adopting a territorial approach to other EU policies; encouraging the establishment of European Groupings of Territorial Cooperation (EGTCs); simplifying the implementation of this policy; and committing to making it visible across Europe are the reasons behind my vote in favour.
The aim of this procedure is to ensure coherence and the timely adoption of all elements making up the package; that has also been achieved with this report.
The aim of this proposal for a regulation is to simplify and improve the existing regulatory framework for the labelling of textile products, with a view to protecting and encouraging the development and uptake of new fibres.
The aim of this proposal was to make a start on solving the issue of released frequencies as soon as possible, in order to give Europe an advantage over the other strong economies.
The aim of this provision is to simplify regulatory restrictions in order to make it possible for euro notes and coins to circulate more easily between Member States and to ensure a high level of professionalism and security within the euro area.
The aim of this report is to simplify and clarify the conclusion of air transport agreements and the adoption of decisions on such agreements, with the European Parliament informing the Commission in advance about the criteria upon which it will base its decision whether or not to consent to the conclusion of a particular agreement on behalf of the EU. In the report, Parliament also draws the attention of the Commission and the Council to agreements which, if concluded, may benefit the EU and its citizens, but which the EU has, for one reason or another, yet to conclude with countries such as Russia, China, Japan and India.
The aim of this report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on enforcement measures to correct excessive macroeconomic imbalances in the euro area is to draw up an action plan for preventing new economic crises of the kind that recently befell Greece, and in this way it supplements a series of other reports presented in the same economic governance package.
The aim to boost employment, productivity and social cohesion in the Europe 2020 growth strategy cannot be discarded because of the current financial problems.
The aim, then, is not to reduce direct subsidies but to find a balance between such subsidies and rural development, so that the system is rendered simpler and fairer, without the rules of competition being called into question.
The aims of the Youth on the Move programme are to encourage higher education in the Union, to improve the quality of education and training, and to promote student mobility by improving the effectiveness of existing European programmes.
The aims set out in the Europe 2020 strategy - namely, to reduce the school drop-out rate to below 10% and ensure that 40% of young people are educated to university level - must be tackled with efficient and practical measures.
The aims set out in the Europe 2020 strategy, namely, to reduce the school drop-out rate to below 10% and ensure that 40% of young people are educated to university level, must be tackled by means of specific, creative and effective measures.
The alignment of study programmes and corresponding mutual recognition must be achieved in all areas of training and education, in particular, in manual trades, where there is a lot of ground to make up.
The allegations just made may have a detrimental effect on the EU's reputation, since they refer to the internal workings of one of its institutions, and we need to know whether the identified disruption practices are limited to an isolated action or represent continuous irregularities.
The allocation of resources under these policies must be based on new criteria which will ensure the proper use of resources to achieve maximum efficiency and compliance with convergence and cohesion criteria.
The ambitious European endeavour to develop a European satellite navigation system, based on a constellation of 30 satellites and offering quality global positioning services, guarantees Europe's autonomy and independence from other global navigation systems and a share in the important global high-tech market, on which the USA and Japan are currently top of the league.
The amendment being proposed to Parliament's Rules of Procedure is aimed at establishing and maintaining a common register for the registration and monitoring of organisations and individuals who participate in any way in the drafting and implementation of EU policy.
The amendment of the regulation governing the ERDF extending the eligibility of housing interventions in favour of marginalised communities enables Member States to revise their Operational Programmes and re-prioritise their investments, by using maximum 2% of their total ERDF allocation for housing interventions in favour of marginalised communities for both replacement and renovation.
The amendments adopted by the Committee on International Trade are, in my view, a move in the right direction. I repeat, the objective should be to maintain existing and simplify the procedure for executing and applying new bilateral agreements.
The amendments mentioned require the European Parliament's Rules of Procedure to be amended accordingly, which will be done with this report.
The amendments proposed in this document will improve the flexibility of Europe's military capabilities. I should mention here that the diversification of threats at a global level requires the common security and defence policy to be adapted.
The amendments reintroduced by the rapporteur cover the issues of identifying the origin of the textile, non-textile parts of animal origin, a review clause, a request for a study on hazardous substances, language-independent symbols or codes for fibres, requirements for the technical file to be attached to the application for the authorisation of a new textile fibre name, multi-fibre textile products, self-employed tailors, laboratories testing textile mixtures, and the mandatory indication of the fibre composition for felts and felt hats.
The amount paid by the European taxpayer should be exclusively used for development objectives, that is to say that it should be spent for the benefit of the fishing communities, so as to enhance their living conditions, to provide training programmes, to ensure safety at sea and to create new local jobs.
The amounts that have been dedicated by the European Union to these bailouts dwarf the domestic spending of our national governments.
The annexes, as an integral part of the agreement, specify the information to be provided in advance by vessels seeking entry to the parties' ports as well as guidelines for inspection procedures, the handling of inspection results, information systems and training requirements.
The annual financial contribution will be increased by EUR 65 per tonne of additional catch, should the EU fleet's total catch exceed 7 000 tonnes in any year.
The answer according to the rules is 'yes'. Both countries have been assessed regarding their technical preparation for this accession, with totally positive conclusions.
The answer is that we will achieve this through several measures that we are planning to take in the context of this reform, first of all to improve the targeting of the budget available to us, to ensure a better balancing of payments among the various categories of farms and among the various Member States, and also to use the budget as an incentive to farmers to produce goods for the market as well, in parallel with food production, making use of well-focused agricultural practices.
The answer of the Dutch authorities clearly shows that Member States are mostly concerned about what happens in their own territory. I believe that given the cross-border nature of the problem, more cooperation between Member States on enforcement would also be absolutely crucial to stop the fraudulent practices.
The answer to the pressure of migration is not the reintroduction of internal border control, but the acceleration of the ongoing negotiations for the purpose of adopting the refugee package, the common European migration policy and the Schengen evaluation system as soon as possible.
The antidemocratic power in Belarus is concentrated very much in the President.
The application of reverse qualified majority voting is expanded to the recommendation on prevention and correction of macroeconomic imbalances.
The appointment of Mr Draghi at the helm of the European Central Bank (ECB) is, to my mind, a completely justified decision, since it confirms the desire of the European Union to continue the work started by its current president, Jean-Claude Trichet.
The approach taken in the report seems to be undermining the efforts now undertaken by the government of Sri Lanka to promote truth and understanding, not least through the Lessons Learnt and Reconciliation Commission, and the government actually having released more than 200 000 detained Tamil prisoners.
The appropriate attention should be focused on young people, who are at the heart of this umbrella programme, and jobs and opportunities for affirmation should be created for them because they are the European citizens on whom we will be depending in the future.
The approval of a common transparency register, following a broad majority vote in the Committee on Constitutional Affairs, is another step towards greater transparency in parliamentary activity. A common register between the European Parliament and the Commission that is public and accessible online will make it easier for citizens to check the various stakeholders with whom MEPs interact.
The aptitude for multilingualism should be remembered, for example.
The area of European research would also be supported by the introduction of a single European patent which, besides protecting the intellectual property of innovators, would also have the potential to reduce lengthy and costly bureaucratic processes, and avoid repeat applications from one entity in all Member States.
The area of universities has received a great deal of attention - in connection with the Bologna Process, for example - and a similar situation faces us in the area of vocational training, including with regard to mobility.
The argument put forward by Mr Vlasák with regard to this central issue of relaunching urban policy as a platform for development of the Europe 2020 strategy is entirely acceptable, although it is important not to forget rural and peri-urban areas.
The argument seems to be about whether Italy or Malta should accept them for settlement because they are the first country they reached, or whether they should be accepted for settlement by other Member States.
The arguments are repeated here fastidiously.
The arguments of the American diplomats were not sufficiently convincing to prevent us from being able to find a solution. I asked them what their opinion on the subject was and I did not get the impression that it would have been impossible for us to come to an agreement with the Americans if we had wanted to. What particularly surprised me was that the Americans gave me this document describing origin labelling in the USA.
The arrangement of higher duties during peak hours, compensated for during off-peak hours, is now much better elaborated than in the Council position.
The arrangements concern not only purely pragmatic matters, but also the multiannual sectoral programme, which provides for cooperation in terms of responsible fishing, sustainable fisheries and joint scientific research.
The arrival of streams of immigrants to Lampedusa in recent days shows that the immigration crisis is an ongoing issue that requires immediate action.
The article concerning rest periods is also problematic.
The assertion that web sites and individual computer systems are constantly monitored by INDECT is false, as confirmed by the ethical review carried out on the INDECT project in Brussels on 15 March 2011, with the participation of specialists from Austria, France, Holland, Germany and the United Kingdom.
The assessments carried out show that both Romania and Bulgaria have proved that they are sufficiently prepared to apply all the provisions of the Schengen acquis in a satisfactory manner. I therefore support the rapporteur's request.
The assistance is to be allocated to the financing of the deficit of the state budget, and may help Georgia to overcome its acute financial problems.
The assurances that they will be safe are only empty assurances.
The audit carried out by the Court of Auditors indicates that, as regards administrative expenditure in 2009, all the institutions satisfactorily operated the supervisory and control systems required by the Financial Regulation, and the transactions tested were free from material error.
The auditing by the Court of Auditors in respect of budget implementation always only considers the year in progress, and for that reason, methodological challenges result as, in relation to regional policy, the third audit level applies, while the annual audit by the Court of Auditors already takes place under the first audit level and therefore, a higher error rate will always result here than at the end of a programme cycle, as we can prove already.
The auditors report that far too many headings are materially affected by error and, since 80% of our spending is under shared management with the Member States, it is perfectly clear that the Member States must accept greater responsibility.
The audits carried out showed that the accounts of the Joint Undertaking were reliable and that the underlying transactions were legal and regular. I do however think it would be helpful if the Joint Undertaking heeded the call for it to improve its documentation of IT processes and activities and the mapping of IT risks, and also to develop a business continuity plan and a data protection policy.
The audits carried out showed that the budget of the Joint Venture was reliable and that the underlying transactions were legal and regular. I do however think it would be helpful if the Joint Undertaking heeded the call for it to complete the implementation of its internal controls and financial information system, above all in view of the size of its budget and the complexity of its tasks.
The austerity measures that are in place across Europe have increased the strain on all levels of public spending, and thus a better coordination of resources has become necessary in order to ensure the most effective use and distribution of such resources.
The authorities in Cairo must therefore make a greater commitment to protect minorities and to oppose Salafi extremism, which is a negation of the principles of modern democracy to which the Egyptian people aspire.
The authorities, whether European, national or regional, by accepting the mobilisation of public money to mitigate the closing of a plant, which achieves nothing except market redundancies, are surrendering their powers.
The average additional cost to hauliers should not exceed 4 euro cents per vehicle per kilometre, and the least polluting vehicles, driving during off-peak times, would be exempt.
The average surrender time for those who did not consent was 48 days and this contrasts very favourable with the pre-European Arrest Warrant position of a one year average for the extradition of requested persons and has undoubtedly reinforced the free movement of persons.
The background and context, however, beg awkward questions and arouse concern regarding the partly politically motivated nature of the charges.
The background to the action plan is the general deployment of global satellite navigation systems and, specifically, the development and deployment of EGNOS (European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service), the forerunner of the Galileo system.
The bad habit of making political commitments without having the necessary financial resources must be broken because it undermines the planning and credibility of the whole European system.
The ban on cloning is simply one step in the process.
The banking crisis has also highlighted the collapse of the myth of the self-regulating market.
The banks will also be tested on the basis of an upper capital threshold, core tier one.
The basic and most important issue is the provision which establishes the 'polluter pays' principle, according to which heavy goods vehicles which cause more pollution and are noisier than those fitted with engines which comply with the Euro V or Euro VI standards will be subject to tolls for using road infrastructure.
The basic condition for the Council to decide in favour of abolishing checks on internal borders with these Member States is to confirm, within the framework of the assessment procedures, whether the new Member States have fulfilled the necessary condition of applying all parts of the Schengen acquis: data protection, the Schengen Information System (SIS), air borders, land borders, sea borders, police cooperation and visas.
The basic principle of our proposal is that every Member State, regardless of how many, if any, nuclear power stations it has and what volume of waste it usually has to process, because every Member State has nuclear waste from medical devices and from industrial research, even if it has no power stations, must take responsibility for its own tasks and also enter into bilateral agreements and develop solutions with other Member States.
The basic reason for this attack by the European Union, the bourgeois governments and capital on the income and rights of the working classes, the main weapon in which is in the agreement on the euro and the European stability - for which read controlled bankruptcy - mechanism, goes beyond capitalist management of the crisis and the debt.
The basic regulation governing the Structural Funds and the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon have substantially enhanced the importance of 'territorial cooperation' in the last five years, transforming it into one of the three pillars of the EU's cohesion policy.
The basic regulation governing the Structural Funds and the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon have substantially enhanced the importance of 'territorial cooperation', transforming it into one of the three pillars of the EU's cohesion policy.
The basis for all EU-Russia relations in future, however, needs to be the promotion of peace and security and support for democratic values and political and economic freedom.
The basis for this is the mutual recognition of qualifications and courses of education and training. I abstained from the vote on this report as it fails to propose any tangible solutions to the issue of how mutual recognition is to take place where, of course, in many fields, there are qualitatively highly differing methods of education and training.
The benefits are obvious: they make a significant contribution to better law making.
The benefits of IAs are obvious. IAs show legislators the possible consequences of their policy options and help them to make a decision. IAs can thus make a significant contribution to better law making.
The best aspect of the Treaty of Lisbon is that it increased our joint responsibility.
The best of Europe was shown on Sunday night when, in an extraordinary chain of human solidarity, the people of Lampedusa saved 500 shipwrecked people who were heading towards certain death.
The best way of doing that is not always by contributing non-repayable money.
The biggest challenges relate specifically to public procurement and, in addition, most of the problems connected with cohesion funds are also associated with the complicated implementing rules and the acts arising from the Financial Regulation, which take insufficient account of the complex network of actors in regional development.
The body of EU law on free movement of workers gives EU citizens the right to move freely within the Union for work purposes and protects the social rights of workers and their family members.
The bonds that unite more specifically Europe and the countries south of the Mediterranean are going through deep changes. A wind of freedom is blowing on the Arab world.
The bottom line is that these new charges will increase the cost of transporting Irish exports into European markets. I voted against this report as the EU should be seeking ways to improve our competitiveness in line with the Europe 2020 strategy instead of introducing legislation which threatens our competitiveness.
The budget is, indeed, the basic, fundamental tool that supports all EU policies - common agricultural policy, cohesion policy, research policy and foreign policy.
The budget therefore becomes an important element for restoring stability to the European Union, and also to our single currency.
The business directory companies are often established in a different Member State from that of their victims, making it difficult for the latter to seek protection and/or redress from national authorities.
The call in Mr Pieper's report to extend the proportion of interregional cooperation, Objective 3, to 7% is an important step forward and I strongly support this.
The calling into question of public/public partnerships, the scaling down of standards by public authorities (who are the guarantors of the general interest, need I remind you), the choices of these same public authorities leaning towards more competition ... These are only a few examples of the wonderful 'progress' promised by the European Commission's Green Paper on public procurement.
The calls for appropriate verification as regards financing the activities of those who register: here I can assure you that the Commission is already performing random checks on all the registrants that are already in the register and I am sure that these activities will even increase once we manage the register jointly.
The candidate fulfils the conditions laid down in Article 286(1) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, and his curriculum vitae shows a series of high-level positions in financial management and budgetary control in public institutions and private enterprises.
The capacity of the forest to recover from these threats and resume its normal development in the face of the impact of climate change depends on biodiversity, not just of trees, but also of all the other organisms that live in the forest, particularly wild animals.
The capping of direct payments is a new form of discrimination against Member States in which, for historical reasons, most of the agricultural undertakings manage larger areas of land.
The case concerns an accusation of incitement to racial hatred made by the International League against Racism and Anti-Semitism (LICRA) following the publication of a press release on the site of the Front National Group in the Rhône-Alpes Regional Council, of which Mr Gollnisch was president.
The case for it has not been proven.
The case of the Saudi citizen, Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri, must set the standard.
The case relates to an alleged offence of defamation which does not come within the scope of Ms Hankiss' political activities as an MEP, but relates instead to a statement made in 2004, before she was elected an MEP.
The cause is serotype O104:H4 of the bacterium Escherichia coli, which is already described throughout scientific literature and is associated with meat products.
The cause of the sovereign debt crisis is speculation on the indebtedness of Member States that have come to the rescue of the banking sector, which is directly responsible for the profound crisis we are experiencing.
The central role played by research in this strategy has been acknowledged. I think that examining the review of the Seventh Framework Programme (FP7) for research and technological development offers an opportunity to cement the precious link between knowledge, education and research.
The chair of the Euro Group would be better able than I to give you further details on many of these points.
The challenge lies in achieving a balance between the development of nuclear energy and the development of tools for preventing the risks associated with its production and for combating the effects of nuclear accidents.
The challenge lies in integrating existing indices with other elements that are politically relevant and empirically measurable, and which provide reliable statistics on the future development of countries.
The challenge of successfully reconciling the forest policies of southern and northern Europe so as to have a consistent EU-wide approach is by no means easy.
The challenges of the future are changing constantly, and regional policy must be able to adapt to this change, as is evident from the discussions here.
The changes made to the common agricultural policy will therefore not be merely qualitative - improving the targeting of our objectives - they will also aim to distribute payments among the Member States - both within the Member States themselves and among the various categories of farms - precisely in order to make better use of the available resources in terms of the objectives that have been set.
The changes that have now been introduced into the regulatory environment allow trade policy measures to be improved, especially following the surge in imports from the People's Republic of China, by introducing control instruments for imports of textile products from third countries. I voted in favour of this report because, by significantly improving the information given to consumers, it will allow informed and responsible choices to be made by all citizens of the Member States, and will allow them to opt for products that are made in the EU.
The chaos of daily declarations on Greece by national politicians and stakeholders is only adding to the confusion and creating more speculation on the markets.
The charge will reflect not just road infrastructure costs, the vehicle's pollution category and length of journey, but also the level of pollution, noise and congestion.
The charging of heavy goods vehicles for the use of certain infrastructures, under the terms of the European Parliament document voted on in plenary today, represents an increase in costs related to the movement of this type of transport.
The children themselves will, in most instances, achieve better at school, they will get better grades, they will have high employment levels and better employment and their family relationships will be better - as will their health.
The citizen or small business will have spent both money and time in securing a court judgment, only to have to go before another Member State's courts with no guarantee of success or justice.
The citizens will only be prepared to accept painful reforms if they are shown a clear picture of the situation, so that they can give their support to the necessary measures.
The city symbolises some of the darkest episodes in recent European history but also carries our hopes for a better future.
The civilian and military resources of the Member States will be much more effective as a result. I voted for this resolution which, while praising the technical success, reminds the European Commission of the points where the programme can be improved: funding, public awareness, and involving our international partners.
The classic method uses is to shore up the finances and organise a competitive devaluation.
The clear vote is an unambiguous signal to the Commission of the form that the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development sees the CAP taking towards 2020. I am certain, Commissioner, that the new approach of the CAP after 2013 will also bear the stamp of the European Parliament.
The clones themselves are so expensive that you would not make a hamburger out of them.
The codification of Community legal texts is an essential procedure in order to simplify and facilitate the European public's understanding of them, thus contributing to the actual implementation of EU directives.
The codification of the existing legislative texts is the result of approximating the legislation of the Member States to the establishment of technical rules on the permissible sound level and the exhaust system of motor vehicles, which promote environmental sustainability at European level.
The coherence of the exercise has been very significantly improved thanks to a consolidated methodology upstream and a strict assessment subject to the adversarial principle downstream; in other words, peer review.
The collection of such data should therefore be compulsory and harmonised.
The combination of a smaller working population and a higher share of retired people will place additional strains on social welfare systems and economic competitiveness, causing increasingly significant problems in terms of gender poverty, given the high number of elderly women and current disparities in social protection.
The combined exports of civil aviation technology exceed €50 billion while European and Canadian overall trade in aircraft, spacecraft and parts was worth more than €49 billion in 2008.
The comments were about the intolerance of Islamic regimes towards people deemed to be heretics. 2. No debate was allowed before these most important votes (dealing with the fundamental rights of an MEP) were taken. 3. The proposal to lift Bruno Gollnisch's immunity (and the eventual decision to lift it) were inconsistent with the proposal to allow the German MEP Elmar Brok to retain his immunity from prosecution for an (alleged) greed offence of tax evasion.
The comments were about the intolerance of Islamist regimes towards Unbelievers. 2. No debate was allowed before the votes on this issue, which affect the fundamental rights of an MEP. 3. The proposal to lift Bruno Gollnisch's immunity (and the politically motivated decision to lift it) were inconsistent with the proposal to allow the German MEP Elmar Brok to retain his immunity from prosecution for an (alleged) greed offence of tax evasion.
The commercial advantages and value of such systems are obvious, and there is understandable European interest in having as many of these solutions as possible, and in these operating without depending on third parties.
The commission tabled a proposal for a directive on consumer rights in 2008, has drafted two progress reports and has now tabled a series of measures in the form of a Green Paper, to which this report seeks to respond.
The commitment that Parliament sought and obtained from the Commission that it would, where necessary, and after having a thorough study carried out, bring forward legislative proposals in 2013 in relation to the traceability of textile products, is an important step forwards.
The committee proposes to create international cooperation networks at universities, making use of virtual mobility.
The common agricultural policy (CAP) should be reformed so that it can better respond to the challenges of food security, climate change, the sustainable management of natural resources, landscape management and maintaining a vibrant rural economy.
The common agricultural policy benefits every consumer in the EU. It is worth bearing in mind that farmers have very low incomes, in spite of the support they receive from the European budget.
The common agricultural policy is not just a policy for agriculture; it is an instrument for redistributing resources from the towns of Europe to the countryside.
The common agricultural policy should be based on two pillars, the first one being full funding from EU sources.
The common foreign and security policy is always a major problem in the EU. On the one hand, the large states are traditionally used to relying on their own forces, with France and Great Britain in particular still feeling they are great powers.
The common register ensures the widest participation of all categories of operators and makes it easier for non-commercial organisations to carry out their work. I believe that this common register is another step forward towards greater transparency in the European institutions, and will also increase citizens' faith in the work of the institutions.
The common register will be a step forward towards greater transparency in the European institutions, which hopefully will help give the European project greater legitimacy in the eyes of its citizens.
The common security and defence policy is an integral part of the common foreign and security policy (CFSP). Both dimensions have been placed within the legally binding institutional framework of EU principles, namely, democracy, the rule of law, the universality and indivisibility of human rights and fundamental freedoms, respect for human dignity, the principles of equality and solidarity, and respect for the principles of the United Nations Charter and principles of international law, including the responsibility to protect.
The common transparency register following the conclusion of an interinstitutional agreement on transparency between Parliament and the Commission entails the amendment of the Rules of Procedure so as to incorporate the new situation, and so that it can be workable in Parliament's main legal instrument.
The communication states that, as a last resort in truly critical situations, a mechanism may need to be introduced - and, as I read it, that means a new mechanism - allowing for a coordinated and temporary reintroduction of controls.
The companies we have heard of exist solely to swindle unsuspecting and sometimes over-stretched organisations, and I find that particularly outrageous when they are damaging community enterprises, often with limited budgets.
The competent committee of the Parliament recommended postponement of the discharge of the Council, and discharge was granted on a later date.
The complainant's lawyer in Sweden has reportedly stated that the ladies themselves cannot tell if the acts in question constituted rapes, because they are not lawyers.
The complete flexibility and mobility demanded, as well as the 'bucket' prices being imposed on the labour market in the form of new working models like 'Mac-jobs', make it impossible for many people to establish a family and to achieve a reasonable work-life balance.
The comprehensive approach will be a political strategy document, setting out all the key strands of our policy towards Sudan.
The compromise deal falls short of the European Parliament's ambitions and this alone will not revolutionise road transport, for which the industry and Member States are clearly not yet ready to shoulder the actual costs of their ecological footprint.
The compromise reached by several groups in the European Parliament also takes into consideration existing problems involving counterfeit products in the European textile sector and calls for transparent and coherent trade regulations to ensure protection for consumers.
The concept of geographical indications was thus familiar and names had already been registered at national level.
The concept of innovation is multidimensional: it includes not only scientific research and experimental and technological development, but also the development of new processes, methodologies and organisational and behavioural models.
The concerns about the excessive use of detention and custody measures and of travel restrictions also give the impression of an arbitrary approach to justice.
The conclusion of a new Protocol to the Partnership Agreement between the EU and Seychelles is important for the economy and development of the European fishing fleet.
The conclusion of an ambitious FTA is expected to boost bilateral trade by EUR 160 billion by 2015, with key sectors seeing as much as a 30% increase in bilateral foreign direct investment.
The conclusion of comprehensive agreements on air transport with neighbouring countries or significant global partners is of particular importance in terms of market access and of regulatory convergence, as it promotes fair competition, an equal level of social and environmental standards, and so on. This benefits all parties: passengers, freight operators and airlines.
The conclusion of this meeting, and my conclusion also after this meeting on my second trip to Cairo in the last two months, is - as you have indicated - that we need to give massive help to these revolutions in North Africa and especially to developments in Egypt.
The conclusion of this new agreement is another step towards greater cooperation between the Principality of Andorra and the EU. It is important for both parties to ensure that the agreement continues to monitor the development of the EU acquis in this area.
The conclusions adopted by the Justice and Home Affairs Council on 11 and 12 April 2011 and the communication issued by the Commission last week are important steps in this direction.
The conclusions of the Darusman report for the United Nations (UN) point to the massacre of tens of thousands of civilians, war crimes and crimes against humanity, alongside other terrible humanitarian law violations, committed by both the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) and the Sri Lankan Government.
The conditions for the application of the procedure with joint meetings of committees and a joint vote - and I am referring in particular to the criteria of 'competence and major importance' of the matter in question - are clear and suited to eliminating the legal uncertainties that have existed up until now. I offer my congratulations for the good work accomplished, and I hope that this report is able to facilitate the work of Parliament by means of greater use of this procedure.
The conditions under which a country can expect to borrow on international markets depend on the rating it receives.
The conference focused on the fraudulent practices of business directories and, in particular, cross-border activities.
The conflict that has broken out is dramatic.
The connection with Europe could potentially help convince international companies to establish shops and invest in Lithuania.
The consequences are plain to see: on top of the pressure on workers and their rights, the competition between productive systems with very different levels of development tends to accentuate differences, strengthening the strong and weakening the weak.
The consequences are well-known: the domination of markets by a few, the destruction of weaker production systems, and increasing pretexts for attacks on rights, and on living and working conditions.
The consequences for the health and welfare of those who handle this waste in a very inappropriate way are extremely serious.
The consequences of an aircraft crashing onto a nuclear power station are specifically included in the test criteria and, therefore, form part of the investigation in the third stage. I will be happy to show you.
The consequences of liberalising the international textiles trade are known all too well in countries like Portugal, with the elimination of quantitative restrictions on imports and special safeguard provisions.
The conservation of forest heritage represents an important contribution to the welfare of populations, as well as contributing to job creation in rural areas.
The consistent willingness to cooperate, the will to integrate minorities and the assurance of maintaining international legal norms form the basis for the development of a country that, without violence and terror, has a real future.
The constraints currently imposed on the Member States could result in increased restrictions on investment in science, technology and innovation (STI), particularly in the most vulnerable countries.
The constraints currently imposed on the Member States could result in increased restrictions on investment in science, technology and innovation, particularly in the most vulnerable countries.
The construction of technical infrastructure is fundamental for development, but we cannot forget the development of enterprise or of social infrastructure and science and research, which fundamentally affect modern, intelligent and innovative development.
The consumer consultations that the Commissioner has pledged to carry out will be a fundamental step, not only for the textile sector but also for all those sectors in which Parliament has often questioned the general public's desire for information concerning place of origin. I think that this information will be at the top of consumers' list of preferences, and I acknowledge the efforts made on this matter by all those Members who worked personally on this important text.
The continued expansion of this sector means that the value of European systems is projected to reach a level of EUR 230 billion by 2025.
The continuing debate on the forthcoming programming period shows us that it will be necessary to focus to a greater extent this time on a more comprehensive approach to this primary economic instrument for EU policies.
The contribution from the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety is an important one in this context, because we want the same things European citizens do. We want wholesome food produced in a diverse system, and by diverse I do mean biological diversity, but also diversity in terms of production.
The contribution of agriculture to the protection of the environment should therefore be recognised and included in the objectives of the CAP post 2013.
The contribution of the European Union must also have an added value in multilateral organisations or summits where not all of its members are represented.
The controls carried out have shown that the Agency's budget is reliable and the underlying transactions are legal and regular. I wish, however, to point to the presence of some weaknesses, above all, in recruitment planning, in respect of which I hope a rapid improvement can be made in the procedures relating to future financial years.
The coordination of 27 different foreign and security policies is not the easiest of tasks, and you cannot blame the captain alone for the shipwreck.
The coordination of these funds should be improved.
The core values of these three initiatives are respect for democracy, human rights and the rule of law.
The correct management of public funds within the framework of this programme is essential, and I firmly believe that every change or reorientation must take place in a way that respects stability, overall cohesion and legal certainty, which underpin the mutual trust of the participants.
The correct response ought to be to strengthen the principle of solidarity regarding emigration policy and to get all Member States to commit to applying it. We not only need to offer the opportunity, but also require Bulgaria and Romania to assume their responsibilities and fulfil their duties at the Europe Union's external borders.
The countries have met the requirements imposed on them to an extent which makes it possible to abolish border checks with the remaining EU Member States.
The countries were divided into four groups, and my own country, Slovakia, unfortunately obtained a very unflattering place in only the third group, investing just 0.48% of the original 2% it had committed to investing in science, education and research in Europe 2020.
The country will be deluged with EU propaganda and those arguing against Croatia's accession will be phased out of the debate.
The court is to conduct this renewed procedure in light of considerations stated in the decision of the Supreme Court.
The creation of 'intermediate regions' as proposed in the report means that relatively rich areas of poorer Member States will still receive support, and will be able to prepare gradually for the point in time when they lose this additional funding entirely.
The creation of a United Nations parliamentary assembly within the framework of the United Nations system is an interesting proposal that is worth studying and debating.
The creation of bonds to be issued jointly for part of Europe's public debt would automatically reduce the cost of financing in the European Union and would allow the resumption of investment.
The creation of such postings would allow increased coordination both between the present cultural attachés of Member States' embassies and between those national institutes of culture with a local presence, particularly via the European Union National Institutes for Culture (EUNICs) network. I had the pleasure of meeting EUNICs in both China and Brazil recently and I heard from them how much they need cooperation and coordination in order to promote our culture in the countries where they serve.
The creation of the Schengen area dates from 1985 and currently includes a territory of 42 673 km of external sea borders and 7 721 km of land borders, taking in 400 million Europeans.
The creation of this instrument is the first step towards the creation of a pan-European civil code, which would gradually replace the contract law of the individual Member States.
The creative industry, in principle, influences every sector of the EU economy, instilling innovation wherever possible - the innovation without which it would be difficult to speak of an improvement in the competitiveness of the EU on the international arena, which we all desire so much.
The credibility of the EU is at stake.
The credibility of the results of these tests can end the dependency on these agencies, or at least can reduce it. The supervisory authorities have no choice but to ensure that the tests are successful; that is, that they provide convincing evidence.
The credibility which Europe needs is that of soft power, which helps to establish democracy, which opens an office to support developments in civil society and which does not define international cooperation with the European Union in terms of subjugating others to the unilateral diplomatic and economic interests of the Union, but instead encourages policies based on an equal partnership between different regions of the world.
The credit cards of the main local organiser of the civil society event - which is, by the way, the first ever linked to an EU-Russia Summit - have been blocked (for technical reasons, of course), and her car licence plates have mysteriously disappeared.
The credit rating industry has several problems, some of the most important of which include the lack of competition, oligopolistic structures and the lack of accountability and transparency.
The criminal regime of Lukashenko relies greatly on the income from exports of chemicals, heavy industry and textiles owned by state enterprises.
The crisis has dramatically reversed the favourable conditions in which the economic and financial sector operated until 2007, and the majority of Member States need to undergo a process of consolidating their accounts to reduce public debt.
The crisis has resulted in a steep fall in public investment in key areas for promoting job creation and growth.
The crisis has taught us a painful, but all the more valuable lesson for the future.
The crisis is political as well as economic in nature and we have seen time and time again that Europe is strongest when it acts together and a unified response to this crisis is the best response.
The crucial importance of these measures meant that Parliament's rapporteurs decided to examine the Commission proposals exhaustively as a package, and to improve them so as to establish a robust and coherent framework for the coming decades.
The crux of the matter is as follows: to contribute to growth in qualitative and quantitative terms and to ensure that Europe 2020 objectives are achieved, for example in the areas of energy, climate change, innovation, research, education and training, employment and the campaign to combat poverty. I should like to thank everyone for this highly committed debate, and also for the enormous support that the House has shown for our policies.
The cultural and creative industries contribute in terms of both growth and jobs in the EU. They are part of the plan for meeting the 2020 objectives, and it is therefore important that we create good conditions for this sector - particularly within the area that I would like to highlight, namely copyright.
The cultural and creative industries have great potential to be one of the engines of growth in the EU.
The cultural and creative industries sector is made up of enterprises with great economic potential because they generate employment, growth and wealth, and are responsible for the social and cultural integration of citizens.
The cultural dimensions of EU external actions should not be overstated, and it is important that Commissioner Ashton continues to build this into her work with the EEAS.
The cultural sector also attracts well-qualified, creative people.
The culture and creativity sectors have a dual role: they have an economic role, by supporting employment, growth and the creation of wealth and, above all, they have a cultural role, by contributing to the social and cultural development of citizens.
The cumulative impact of a 'greening' of direct payments and better targeted rural development measures will mean that the CAP offers a more robust and comprehensive response to the provision of environmental public goods.
The current CAP includes instruments that address climate change, mainly through the multiple co-benefits between agri-environmental policies and climate action.
The current European Council meeting is also the last during the Hungarian Presidency of the Council, which has not earned the praise that should be due to it, since a number of concrete projects on the EU's agenda upon which the Hungarians have worked, including those concerning economic governance, have been overshadowed by political issues, such as the media law or the Hungarian constitution. I hope that Poland, which is next in line to take over the presidency, will not follow the example of our neighbours, and that the election campaign for the Sejm will not overshadow its successes.
The current absence of harmonised rules on origin marking puts the EU at a disadvantage and also deprives European producers of origin-sensitive consumer goods of the opportunity to reap the benefits associated with producing within the Union, while consumers miss the opportunity to have access to information on the origin of products.
The current agreement with Mauritania has been contributing to the economic development of Mauritania, where the fisheries sector is one of the fundamental pillars of the economy, representing almost 10% of gross domestic product (GDP), 29% of national budget revenue and almost 50% of exports.
The current budget is too much 'business as usual'. We have the 2020 objectives for a smart economy, a sustainable economy.
The current change in the international order is pushing the European Union to make a more active effort in its dealings with world and emerging powers so that it can take a proactive role in building a United Nations that can make an effective contribution to global solutions: peace, security, democracy and an international order based on the rule of law.
The current common market organisation (CMO) for fisheries products has not managed to contribute sufficiently to improving first-sale prices or to better distribution of added value across the sector's value chain.
The current crisis in this region is obviously part of the wider crisis of capitalism and is being aggravated by its impact: however, it is deeply rooted in a long history of interference, aggression and military occupation, promoted by the EU and its main powers, and the US, seeking to impose their economic and political dominance on the region.
The current crisis in this region is part of the wider crisis of capitalism and is being aggravated by its impact: however, it is deeply rooted in a long history of interference, aggression and military occupation, promoted by the EU and its main powers, and the US, seeking to impose their economic and political dominance.
The current directive only covers spent fuel storage facilities directly related to nuclear installations, the current proposal intends to assure safety in the long term of the management of existing and future radioactive waste.
The current drought demonstrates that the CAP urgently needs to include practical resources that will allow our farmers to deal with water shortages. I would therefore appeal for a subtle shift in the CAP to make it more relevant and able to guarantee our food self-sufficiency, the vitality of our agricultural sector and the preservation of our rural areas.
The current economic and financial crisis gives the EGF a crucial role in mitigating the social impact of the bankruptcy of many companies, often caused by the aggressive economic policies of emerging markets.
The current economic and financial situation of various EU countries demonstrates the failure of the Stability and Growth Pact.
The current economic situation should be seen as an opportunity to reformulate anything that could be made more efficient, tenaciously combating any and every instance where time and resources are being wasted, with greater legitimacy.
The current economic, financial and social crisis has demonstrated that the European Union's current economic governance model has not worked: the surveillance framework has shown itself to be very weak and the rules of the Stability and Growth Pact (SGP) have not been respected. I therefore support the package of measures that the European Commission has tabled on economic governance. I am voting for the Wortmann-Kool report on strengthening budgetary surveillance and coordination of economic policies. I agree with reversed qualified majority voting, which reinforces the role of the European Commission by demanding a qualified majority in the Council in order to derogate from the Commission's decision. I think the 'economic dialogue' provided for here is very important, as is the clear, necessary link with the European Semester. I welcome the provision for a Member State's temporary departure from the adjustment path when it results from unforeseen events, which ensures that the process will be flexible and realistic.
The current economic, financial and social crisis has demonstrated that the European Union's current economic governance model has not worked: the surveillance framework has shown itself to be very weak and the rules of the Stability and Growth Pact have not been respected. I therefore support the package of measures that the European Commission has tabled on economic governance. I am voting for the Ford report on requirements for budgetary frameworks of the Member States. I welcome the fact that the regulation will be applicable to all EU Member States. I would stress the need for means of independent oversight to be established. I welcome the possibility that governments that have just come to power might have the right to update their budgetary framework in the medium term to reflect new political priorities.
The current economic, financial and social crisis has demonstrated that the European Union's current economic governance model has not worked: the surveillance framework has shown itself to be very weak and the rules of the Stability and Growth Pact have not been respected. I therefore support the package of measures that the European Commission has tabled on economic governance. I am voting for the Goulard report on the effective enforcement of budgetary surveillance, although I acknowledge that the rapporteur has overstepped her remit in a number of areas, which will make it very difficult to reach an understanding with the Council. I welcome provision for fines in the case of falsified statistics, so as to penalise fraud relating to deficit and debt calculation, both inside and outside the euro area. I agree that it should be possible for countries outside the euro to be part of this system.
The current economic, financial and social crisis has demonstrated that the European Union's current economic governance model has not worked: the surveillance framework has shown itself to be very weak and the rules of the Stability and Growth Pact have not been respected. I therefore support the package of measures that the European Commission has tabled on economic governance. I am voting for the Haglund report on enforcement measures to correct excessive macroeconomic imbalances. I regret that the regulation is not also being applied to any countries outside the euro area that want it. I agree with reversed qualified majority voting and regret that the Council continues to oppose this mechanism.
The current economic, financial and social crisis has demonstrated that the European Union's current economic governance model has not worked: the surveillance framework has shown itself to be very weak and the rules of the Stability and Growth Pact have not been respected. I therefore support the package of measures that the European Commission has tabled on economic governance. I endorse Mrs Ferreira's report on the prevention and correction of macroeconomic imbalances. I congratulate the Commission on the idea of introducing a scoreboard, which has already given good results in the fields of the internal market and the area of freedom, security and justice. I would like the European Parliament to be able to provide expert help to the Commission in defining the indicators on the scoreboard.
The current economic, financial and social crisis has demonstrated that the economic governance model in force in the European Union has not worked: the surveillance framework has shown itself to be very weak and the rules of the Stability and Growth Pact have not been respected. I therefore support the package of measures that the European Commission has tabled on economic governance. I am voting for the excellent report by Mr Feio on speeding up and clarifying the implementation of the excessive deficit procedure. I welcome the call for the process by which the European Commission publishes its recommendations to be sped up. I agree with the proposal that the European Parliament have the right to invite the representatives of the Member States and I regret that the Council has not accepted it. I welcome the opportunity granted to the Commission to carry out additional surveillance visits and the fact that the European Central Bank could play a part in those visits.
The current government in Slovakia is preparing an amendment to its Labour Code that will increase working time to 56 hours per week and overtime from the current 400 hours to 560 hours.
The current high oil prices have had a severe impact on operating costs of fishermen, even forcing some to stop work.
The current legal set-up protects the fraudster, leaving the victim lost in a quagmire of paperwork and expensive legal action.
The current line stays vague and does not express clearly that in case of a breach, sanctions must follow automatically, without being subject to political bargaining.
The current migration situation in the Mediterranean and the resulting pressures have highlighted some weaknesses and uncoordinated reactions by Member States in the management of Schengen.
The current political situation in North Africa and the Middle East has exacerbated the problem.
The current protocol to the Fisheries Partnership Agreement with Mauritania expires on 31 July 2012 and needs to be renegotiated so that EU-flagged vessels can continue fishing in Mauritanian waters.
The current rapid increase in the number of political and humanitarian crises is worrying, which is an indication of the need to implement such a strategy for the EU. At the moment, the Union is not fulfilling its role properly as a global actor. I think that the enhancement and importance of its role in multilateral organisations mark real progress in terms of establishing its global significance.
The current report evaluates the development of the common security and defence policy (CSDP) in the wake of the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon.
The current revision of the EIA Directive should also include a debate on a review of the uniform procedure for public participation which is actually laid down in the directive.
The current sales dynamic does not permit fluctuations in the cost of factors of production, including fuel, to impact on fish prices, and current import policy, inter alia, contributes to this.
The current situation in Greece is a good example of the fact that solutions to a situation dictated from outside provoke opposition from the country's inhabitants, and are one of the causes of escalating social tension.
The current situation, with the conflicts experienced in Sudan and in the whole region breaking out again, and the dispute over establishing its borders, demonstrates that the artificial creation of this country does not resolve any of the existing problems, nor will it improve the standard of living of millions of Sudanese people, but rather it will stir up contradictions and conflict.
The current socio-economic context requires the ability to work in international set-ups; we therefore need to increase the opportunities for learning, given also the role of businesses, which increasingly need skilled staff with practical training experience whom they can put to work immediately and effectively.
The current system is marked by countless bilateral treaties that cross over or double up on each other and are often basically contradictory.
The current system of foreign direct investment, governed by a myriad of overlapping and sometimes conflicting bilateral investment treaties (BITs) of the Member States has to be replaced - in a reasonable time span - by a new framework of modern EU investment treaties consistent with cross-cutting EU policy goals. I also support the rapporteur's position, which strongly supports the coexistence approach of the Commission's proposal for a regulation.
The current system, relying on Member States' numerous overlapping, and sometimes conflicting, bilateral investment agreements, should be replaced within a reasonable timeframe by a new framework of European Union investment agreements consistent with the horizontal objectives of EU policies.
The current text insists on the need to promote corporate social responsibility in particular.
The curriculum vitae submitted by H.G. Wessberg for his nomination as a member of the Court of Auditors shows skills and experience that are certainly in line with the technical and scientific standards required by the position.
The damage done to the environment must be compensated, and the infrastructure must be improved, and, as Mr Sterckx has stated, this is the first piece of legislation at European level where this principle has been incorporated.
The data in the report by Mrs Hirsch is alarming: the youth unemployment rate is now 21%, twice the average rate of unemployment at EU level.
The data that is obtained can, and should, contribute to policy evaluation, enabling assessment of the environmental impact of economic activities.
The day is one of remembrance and mourning, but it is also a sign of appreciation of the current democratic and independent Estonia.
The death penalty does not have a place in a country that defends human dignity, which is at the core of human rights. I share the sentiments of those calling for the Commission and Council to urge the US authorities to abolish capital punishment and ensure that this Saudi citizen receives a fair trial.
The death penalty should not be exercised by any democratic country; therefore, we call on the US authorities not to implement it in the case of Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri or any of the other cases.
The debate about Romania and Bulgaria joining the Schengen area has been hijacked so much for political purposes that we have almost forgotten what it is we are really debating. I want to remind everyone that we are actually talking about very clear, specific criteria which any candidate country has to meet to become a member of the Schengen area.
The debate has, above all, been a high quality one and it has focused on the following: we want to strengthen and maintain our current mobility programmes which are part of the lifelong learning and Youth on the Move programmes.
The debate on future financial perspectives was very heated and the report put together by Mr Garriga Polledo offers an effective summary that encompasses the positions taken by the different national delegations and the various political groups.
The debate on the selection process of a new Managing Director for the International Monetary Fund and external representation of the euro area will take place directly after Mr Leinen's report on European environmental economic accounts.
The debate on violations of human rights and democratic standards should therefore cover the entire region of the South Caucasus.
The debate that we are holding here concerns the last dictatorship left in Europe.
The debate we are having today on the content of this constitution should, if anything, be held amongst Hungarian people, and not in this House.
The debt criterion, as approved in the Treaty of Maastricht, is at last made operational in this new package and will now actually be applied.
The decision also excludes social partners, churches, political parties and local and regional governments from the transparency register.
The decision concerning the so-called transparency register is not ambitious enough.
The decision on admitting Romania and Bulgaria to the Schengen area now remains a purely political one.
The decision taken in the European Parliament will combine the registers of lobbyists and interest groups currently kept separately by the two abovementioned institutions.
The decision to include these countries, which joined the EU in 2007, in the Schengen area will have to be taken unanimously in the Council by the governments of all the countries already belonging to Schengen.
The decision to include these two countries, which joined the EU in 2007, in the Schengen area will have to be taken unanimously in the Council by all the governments of all the countries already belonging to Schengen.
The decision to increase the resources of the new Multiannual Financial Framework by 5% will guarantee the stability of existing programming cycles and new investment in areas such as European energy and transport networks, which will allow Europe to defend its competitiveness and prepare the ground for long-term economic growth.
The decision to open borders to these Member States will provide improved freedom of movement and, on a more practical level, will enable Bulgarians and Romanians to feel more integrated with a Union of which they are fully-fledged members.
The decision was taken that for the first list, no, but we will look at it again this week. I assure you that my determination is to put the maximum political pressure that we can on Syria and to try and make sure - as I did when I spoke to Foreign Minister Moallem yesterday - that they understand the significance of what they are doing and that they take this closing window to actually change course and make a difference.
The declaration of the end of the war on terror was one of the first landmarks by President Obama.
The decommissioning of Ignalina Nuclear Power Plant was one of the conditions of Lithuania's accession to the EU. In turn, the European Union made a formal commitment to fund the decommissioning.
The defects of the Stability and Growth Pact, in both its substance and its enforcement, have been obvious for some time; it is right that efforts are now underway to ensure a lasting settlement that works.
The definite and clear position of the European Parliament is that it has the same power and authority to grant or withhold discharge concerning the European Council as in the case of any other institution.
The definition and provision of descriptive indicators and statistics that allow the development of economic and environmental factors to be monitored, along with possible interactions between these factors, is unquestionably a useful tool for supporting strategic planning, defining public policy and outlining ways towards sustainable development.
The definition of the funding options is important for the cultural and creative industries.
The delays, wavering and semantics about the scale of intervention have allowed the regime to weaken the citizen's uprising.
The delegation of powers to the Commission is also heading in this direction. I voted in favour as I support the idea of the necessary statistical instruments, although I reject the policies that they serve.
The deliberate deportation of innocent civilians, usually the most educated and advanced, was an inseparable part of social engineering of the Stalin era and the struggle against individuals and nations, their memory and dignity.
The demand for innovative technologies on the EU market must be identified in order to sell the results of innovation. I think that suitable financial instruments should be available to support the successful introduction of innovative technologies on the EU market.
The demand for total transparency, mandatory individual registration of everything under the sun, an ethical control committee and so on, are, in the best case, expressions of something naive and, in the worst case, part of a populist political agenda that will do more harm than good.
The democratic opposition parties requested legal guarantees that the new constitution would be based on broad public consensus, and in the absence of this, they withdrew from the constitutional process.
The democratic situation in that country is dramatic enough.
The deployment of EGNOS to its maximum extent throughout Europe and beyond to our near neighbours will have a major beneficial impact on the broader European economy, as well as on safety and environmental objectives, and will encourage a freer traffic flow in road transport.
The desired flexibility should be accompanied by close monitoring of the implementation of the funds so that this is done with maximum compliance with the rules of rigour and transparency.
The detention camp in Guantánamo Bay is a reflection of this tragic situation.
The development objectives of a European Agenda should therefore be aimed at: improving social cohesion in urban areas, including but not only through economic progress; implementing a well-coordinated policy at both European and local level which involves local elected authorities in the strategic decision-making process; finding funds and providing incentives for investments to run new projects instead of creating projects in order to gain financial assistance.
The development of EU policies should not be purely based on abstract statistics.
The development of energy and transport infrastructure, investment in research and development, learning and youth policy must find fresh impetus in the Union's future budgets, while the fundamental pillars of the cohesion policy and the agricultural policy should continue to receive the current amount of funding.
The development of information and communications technologies is driven just as much by the content offered by the cultural sector as the nature and quality of that content have been changed and developed through technology.
The development of our territories, however, cannot be considered complete unless we genuinely take the urban dimension into account at European level.
The development of the CSDP is even more relevant given the current economic/financial crisis, which makes it advisable to share resources between Member States in order to effectively ensure public safety, crisis/conflict management and the establishment of lasting peace.
The development of the common security and defence policy is a threat to peace.
The development of these systems will make an essential contribution to the development of European aviation transport and to a more economical and efficient system of rail and road transport. A problem for the development of these applications and for completing the systems on time may be a lack of investment.
The dialogue between Member States and between regions is also very important, and I am delighted that we have managed to include a number of comments from the Committee of the Regions as well as other organisations, such as the European Youth Forum, for example.
The dictatorship of the financial markets must be ended, and their massive resources should be used to benefit ordinary people through the granting of loans to small businesses, affordable mortgages to help homebuyers, and so on.
The difference between those who believe that disorder and imbalances in public finances are at the root of the crisis and those who think that the underlying problem has to do instead with the lack of rules and transparency in the markets, economic and trade imbalances and social inequality.
The difference is that the US and China have the bigger markets, as they offer better preconditions for competition, competitiveness, new services, products and innovations.
The differences in drafting would have no substantive impact on the scope or emphasis concerning the economic surveillance to be carried out. I hope that Parliament and the Council can work together and find an agreement that is based on the substance and not the semantics.
The different legal regimes covering the protection of consumer rights, which still remain, reduce consumer confidence in the single market and do not encourage companies to expand their business in other Member States.
The differentiation between people who are entitled to international protection, such as refugees, and economic migrants is extremely important, in order to protect those who really need to be protected.
The difficulties that Romania and Bulgaria still face - organised crime and corruption - are, undoubtedly, serious accusations against the governments of these countries, which should combat these phenomena more effectively.
The digital world and information and communication technologies are engines of innovation, and high-speed broadband should be an essential precondition for all European innovation partnerships.
The directive also provides an incentive for fleet renewal: the newer and lower-polluting the vehicle, the less tax it must pay.
The directive in question concerns emissions from agricultural tractors and makes a merely quantitative modification to Directive 2000/25/EC, without altering its environmental protection objectives, methodology or period of validity.
The directive in question was a great opportunity to try to establish common standards for the 27 Member States, as well as an excellent chance to simplify EU legislation on consumer rights, which is still split into several legislative acts.
The directive is enforced via the individual Member States, as stated in Article 50 of the same regulation, but some States turn a blind eye when it comes to this enforcement.
The directive mentioned above is one of the separate directives of the EC type-approval system provided for in Council Directive 74/150/EEC, as replaced by Directive 2003/37/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 May 2003 on type-approval of agricultural or forestry tractors, their trailers and interchangeable towed machinery, together with their systems, components and separate technical units, and repealing Directive 74/150/EEC, and lays down technical prescriptions concerning the design and construction of agricultural or forestry tractors as regards the roll-over protection structures mounted in front of the driver's seat.
The directive sets out a series of requirements in accounting statistics, forecasting and budgetary processes.
The directive was an ambitious European project and, at the time, the Commission was concerned that the whole proposal would be sabotaged and that there would be no directive at all if it had insisted on extending the directive beyond the relationship between fraudsters and citizens.
The directive will also allow Member States to offer compensation in exchange for these charges, which could result in the distortion of competition between operators from different EU Member States.
The directive will authorise Member States to charge tolls on lorries not only for infrastructure costs, as is the case now, but also for noise and air pollution.
The directive's approach at national level will result in the creation of radioactive landfills across the whole of the European Union.
The directive's main objectives are to allow Member States to charge road users for some external costs, in other words, to apply the 'polluter pays' principle, and also to give Member States additional possibilities to make their national road charging systems more efficient. I welcome the goals of reducing pollution and implementing the 'polluter pays' principle in the area of road transport. I also supported the proposal for revenue obtained from the Eurovignette charge to be earmarked for investment in road infrastructure and to be used to make transport greener.
The directive, as it is conceived, is very harmful to the entire haulage system, at a time of economic stagnation when we need to implement measures to revive the sector.
The directive, which spells the end of a lengthy debate between Parliament and the Council, provides, among other things, for the period in which consumers can withdraw from a sale to be doubled from seven to fourteen days, and for enhanced protection in the event of a lack of conformity.
The directory companies play on that uncertainty.
The disaster particularly affected Belarus and, in my opinion, it is an insult to this nation to prevent the people of Belarus from participating in the official act of remembrance.
The discharge is granted because the Court of Auditors deemed that the annual accounts of the agencies were substantially reliable, although we must take note of and underscore a number of critical issues.
The discharge procedure for the financial year 2009 revealed that immediate actions are required with regard to transparency and efficiency.
The discharge procedure has allowed the Commission to learn from the conclusions and recommendations of the European Court of Auditors and the resolution of the discharge authority at a time when we are considering the future design of EU policies and their reflection in the EU budget.
The discussion began in connection with the Copenhagen process, followed by the Bruges Communiqué, and now it is up to us to see to what extent this area can also be incorporated into the Europe 2020 strategy.
The discussion with regard to this report has focused on the issue of the reversed qualified majority voting mechanism - which means that the Commission's recommendations will come into effect unless opposed by a qualified majority of the Council - as well as the review clause. I supported these two mechanisms during the vote because I am convinced that we must be demanding and ambitious in order to improve budgetary stability in Europe and thus to safeguard our future.
The discussions were lengthy, but the good news is that we did not permit the attempts to make ad hoc changes to the Schengen membership criteria.
The disparities between European regions have evolved over long periods of time. I support the report's proposal that, in order to reduce these inequalities and streamline the European integration process for all Member States, we need to reduce the period required for funding approval and cut red tape and all the rules and procedures along with it, which needlessly hinder rather than help the European Union's cohesion policy.
The disproportionate use of this key instrument for fighting cross-border crime helps undermine confidence in it. This will make some states carry out a proportionality check based on their own rules when they decide to execute a European Arrest Warrant.
The dispute relating to the continuously falsified figures from the International Atomic Energy Agency needs to be teased out. I believe that the European Union, whose territory is affected by roughly half of the fallout from the disaster - I use the present tense 'is' advisedly - must look to its own interests here.
The dissemination of the methodology prior to the publication of the stress test results will improve the general credibility of the exercise.
The divergence in contract law rights must be remedied, and the creation of an optional instrument for European contract law by means of a regulation, which would flank rather than replace Member States' national contract law systems, is an optimal solution that would give the parties the freedom to choose the legal instrument most suited to their needs.
The diversity that they promote within Member States involves the promotion of the cultures of recent arrivals, which are anything but European.
The division between you and us and between progressives and conservatives here in the House is about how we return to sound public finances, at what economic and social cost, at what cost for the future ability of Europe to compete in a global market.
The document also draws attention to important challenges which should be the subject of cooperation between Russia and the European Union.
The document emphasises the need for the two new states created by the partition of Sudan mutually to recognise the other's sovereignty and urges the adoption of measures designed to help consolidate and stabilise their presence on the path of democracy, respect for human rights and mutual recognition.
The document specifically identifies the priorities of the European Parliament, placing the need for smart, sustainable and inclusive growth, enshrined in the Europe 2020 strategy, at the centre of the 2012 budget.
The draft Council decision relates to the conclusion of a new protocol on the Fisheries Partnership Agreement (FPA) between the EU and the Republic of São Tomé and Príncipe.
The draft is aimed at consolidating the role of the EU in tuna fisheries in the Atlantic Ocean through legal regulation of the activity of the EU's fleet.
The draft regulation extends autonomous trade preferences to Pakistan by suspending for a limited period of time all tariffs for certain products of export interest to Pakistan. A list of 75 dutiable product lines of importance for Pakistan's exports has been established (mainly textile and clothing). The selected product lines amount to almost EUR 900 million in import value, accounting for about 27% of EU imports from Pakistan (EUR 3.3 billion). I voted 'in favour'.
The draft report 'draws attention to the general importance of studies before entering school, with particular emphasis on language learning as well as multilingualism and linguistic diversity', which I support joyfully and enthusiastically. I agree that supporting the early development of disabled children and helping them acquire adequate linguistic competence is a basic human resources investment which represents a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
The draft report could have been improved by a number of compromise amendments, and our amendments were quite well integrated.
The draft report was rather weak, but could have been considerably improved by 22 compromise amendments and a number of stronger paragraphs from different opinions, e.g. in the field of social cohesion (para 7 and 19), gender mainstreaming (para 9), decarbonisation of transport (para 11), energy efficiency (para 14) and environment and climate protection (para 15). Our formulation about the synergies among funds ("each fund needs its own rules", para 28) could be integrated as well as our call for increasing cross-financing (para 29) and strengthening partnership (para 33) and transparency (para 3). We also have good wording on realigning programmes to sustainable development (para 35). However, we could not avoid jubilation for the Lisbon earmarking (para 5 and 20) and a call for better financing TEN-T projects (para 12). More Green focus for measures to exit from the crisis could not have been achieved neither (para 27).
The draft resolution does not, in my opinion, safeguard the necessary security of law in any way whatsoever. I refer, in particular, to the points relating to: firstly, the Commission's discretionary powers to withdraw the authorisation to maintain existing agreements or to approve new negotiations to amend current or execute new agreements; secondly, the provision to review the legal framework within five years; and thirdly, the extremely time-consuming procedures for executing new agreements.
The draft resolution therefore flies directly in the face of the citizen's need for protection - which Lega Nord has always put at the core of its programme - and I cannot support it.
The draft text of the rapporteur broadly met the position of our group on objective 3. Amendments of our group that were adopted by REGI concern: • a call for flexibility in the application of the geographical limit of 150 km set for cross-border cooperation programmes for coastal and maritime regions; • the recommendation that a first assessment of the EGTCs in place be carried out, with a view to learning from these initial experiences; • close cultural and linguistic links between border regions in different Member States must be exploited in order to boost cross-border cooperation.
The drafting of the constitution has been accused of being undemocratic, yet people are ignoring the fact that the vast majority of Hungarians supported this constitution.
The drivers behind this question as far as the Committee on Petitions is concerned are nature, which is a contentious matter locally, how the local economy is allowed to develop, and, above all - and I will come back to this subsequently - the uniform application of the law in the European Union.
The dual nature of these industries, which are, at the same time, economic and cultural, makes them important levers for sustainable, intelligent and inclusive growth for Europe - in short, the objectives of the Europe 2020 strategy.
The dynamic development of satellite navigation systems in recent years is the result of both technological progress and market needs.
The economic and financial crisis has exposed and reinforced the need for coordination and improved surveillance of economic policies within the economic and monetary union.
The economic and financial crisis has highlighted credit rating agencies' oligopolistic structure, as well as their lack of competition, transparency and accountability.
The economic and financial crisis which is presently raging in Europe, but also in the rest of the world, is combined with a serious social crisis.
The economic crisis and its repercussions have shown us that the EU's future needs to be built on European rather than domestic solutions.
The economic crisis has exposed the irresponsible financial and economic decisions of several governments, but it is the conscientious Member States that are paying the price.
The economic crisis has led many eurozone countries into serious debt problems, and it is clear that the rules of the stability pact did not protect the currency union from the results of amateurish and irresponsible management by the governments of some countries.
The economic crisis should not be a reason for education spending cuts, because combating the impacts of the crisis requires that young people receive higher levels of education.
The economic crisis, as well as the reform made to the policy for the period 2007-2013, have caused activity in Europe to slow down.
The economic development that comes about as a result will foster political stability throughout the region.
The economic governance package approved by a right-wing majority in the European Parliament will risk entrenching austerity in EU law. I voted against the overall package as I do not believe it is the right thing to do in the current financial climate.
The economic governance reports on the whole are not, in my view, the best option, but in the situation in which we find ourselves, they are probably the least worst.
The economic integration of the European Union and in particular the euro has reached a juncture at which one can no longer turn a blind eye to unequivocal deviations from the criteria that have been set in order to safeguard economic stability in the Union.
The economic recovery is based, among other things, on the utilisation of new technologies and the digital economy.
The economic situation of a large number of companies has deteriorated in recent years, leading to many of them going out of business, with a real risk that thousands of fishing businesses will go under and that thousands of jobs will be lost because of the rise in fuel prices.
The economic, financial and food crises, climate change and conflicts have made us realise that we urgently need to create a form of global governance, or what Jacques Attali calls a 'world State'. Naturally, Europe has a role to play in this new global political arena as a soft world power based on standards, rules and leading by example.
The economic, social and environmental importance of forests at an international, European, regional and national level is generally well known and legitimised, to some extent, in international agreements and relevant cooperation and financing programmes.
The economies of certain EU Member States, including that of my own country, Poland, are already suffering the harmful effects of the arbitrarily imposed climate and energy package, used as a tool to implement the political objective of 3 x 20. However this political objective is often misrepresented as well: people talk about a 20% drop in energy consumption, yet the actual objective is a 20% increase in energy efficiency, which is not the same thing.
The economist Joseph Schumpeter talked about 'creative destruction'. At present, the EU therefore has a unique opportunity to establish a new mechanism that should lead to greater macroeconomic, fiscal and currency stability for the Member States in the long term, and help increase their competitiveness.
The education process should result in professionally trained young people who have a clear idea of growth prospects and, first and foremost, who exploit their acquired knowledge, expertise and ability in the activity for which they have been trained and have acquired a qualification, the area of activity they have mastered and in respect of which they have shown an inclination.
The effect of such a cap would be to create an administrative and bureaucratic nightmare as landowners sought to divide up large holdings to avoid the ceiling cutting their money: it represents the very worst sort of bureaucratic perverse incentive for questionable but probably legal behaviour.
The effect of this has made itself felt immediately, drastically undermining social benefits and causing the recession to spread.
The effectiveness of the measure has not been proven: road transport and its associated pollution costs will continue to increase, which is why we, the Italian delegation of the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats), are against this measure.
The effectiveness of this instrument has not been demonstrated, and the modulation of transport flows creates problems for current and future financial planning because the charges are shifting and changing all the time.
The effects of the Treaty of Lisbon necessarily mean that the role played by the European Union in international organisations must be revised.
The effects of the global economic crisis were drastic for young people, in particular, right around the world, but also within the EU. Youth unemployment within the EU has reached a high of 21%. This is compounded by the fact that 15% of these young people dropped out of school and thus lack any qualifications for the labour market.
The effort of consolidating 27 diverse legal traditions in one document has perhaps been too audacious.
The effort that the institution is making to complete the implementation of its internal control systems is already well known, but I think further endeavours ought to be made in this area in order to guarantee the transparency and reliability of the accounts.
The efforts made in this report to examine the issue at European and national level are important. I welcome the call for more European research in this sector, the need to identify and exchange best practices at European level, and for proper use to be made of the structural funds and programmes in this direction.
The elderly are terrified when they get these threatening letters from the supposedly legal representatives of these companies.
The elimination of child labour and citizens' right to improve their professional qualifications are very significant issues.
The emergence of new, multi-resistant strains of bacteria may deprive future generations of the possibility of making effective use of antibiotics. A scenario such as this could have catastrophic consequences for human health.
The emerging powers and the emerging economies of this world are not waiting for Europe to split into its constituent parts, from large parts like Germany down to very small parts like Malta, in the belief that each individual part will be able to survive on its own - the renationalisation rhetoric that many politicians are giving their people.
The emotional climate that has developed - which is understandable - does not seem to me to give the best guidance on issues of this magnitude.
The employment situation of young people depends on general economic policy; Member States, therefore, should move towards investments and job creation.
The energy issue is another topic of interest, as a result of launching the AGRI project.
The enforceability of the right of free movement conferred by EU law is particularly relevant in cases of discrimination on the basis of nationality, as the individuals concerned need to have suitable mechanisms to ensure such rights are properly protected.
The enhancement of economic governance must be based on a robust framework for preventing and correcting macroeconomic imbalances, minimum requirements for national budgetary frameworks, enhanced financial market regulation and supervision, and a credible, permanent crisis resolution mechanism. I think that coherence is required among policies aimed at growth and creating sustainable jobs, with a particular focus on the development and strengthening of the internal market, fostering international trade and competitiveness and providing an effective framework for preventing and correcting excessive budgetary positions.
The entire fruit and vegetable sector is on its knees. I therefore ask the Commission what measures it intends to take in defence of the fruit and vegetable market and what further measures it intends to take to avoid the spread of unreliable information on the origins of the EHEC bacterium, which is hitting the entire fruit and vegetable sector and throwing whole populations into panic.
The entire process also requires greater transparency, and this can only be ensured by greater involvement of the European Parliament and the national parliaments.
The entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon extended the circumstances in which Parliament's consent was required for the conclusion of an international agreement.
The entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon led to the establishment of the European External Action Service (EEAS), whose activities should include a coordinated and consistent cultural diplomacy strategy.
The environmental accounts show the interaction between business, household and environmental factors.
The environmental economic accounts we are calling for today are not perfect.
The eradication of poverty globally now features among the Union's foreign policy priorities. I welcome the initiative for strengthening cooperation on bringing stability to crisis zones and on drawing up new safety standards for nuclear power plants.
The errors are not increasing.
The essence of this is to be able to start up an enterprise in at most three days, for the cost of at most EUR 100, and for licences to be obtainable in under a month.
The established global economic crisis, exacerbated by the political crisis in the Maghreb and the Middle East, has led to further oil price increases, with the price per barrel exceeding USD 100.
The establishment of fair standards for working conditions is a premise essential to durable and sustainable development, and will also contribute to achieving the Millennium Development Goals. I therefore believe that this report is a fairly valid contribution to the development of the system of international trade, which is based on labour relations that vary so much between countries/trade blocs. I would argue that the promotion of this policy of responsibility for working conditions demonstrates a Europe that is attentive and thorough, and that conforms to defending universal values in which it believes.
The estimated global market value in 2008 was EUR 124 billion, and it is projected to reach EUR 230 billion by 2025.
The estimates for deaths at the other end of the scale are in the millions.
The euro area was not and has not become an optimal currency zone. A country hit by the financial crisis finds it more difficult to recover and could well drag other Member States into the abyss.
The euro has a purchasing power 40% higher than that of the dollar, which means that euro area Member States pay less for their raw materials, particularly oil.
The euro is under constant pressure and the problem is, in part, generated by the same lack of European ambition and coherence.
The evaluation mechanism obviously needs to be revamped.
The evaluations and additional visits by expert teams have shown that Bulgaria and Romania are ready to participate fully in the Schengen area. I have therefore voted in favour of the report by my colleague, Mr Coelho.
The events in Fukushima have shown that we were right to do so because spent nuclear fuel stored in a temporary pool may also present a risk which can be forestalled with appropriate measures.
The events in North Africa have drawn attention once again to the importance of a common European immigration policy, and have shown the need for integration supported by resources and for European solidarity.
The events that are currently unfolding in some Arab countries are, in fact, of great strategic importance, not only for those countries, but also for global democracy, for the evolution of the Muslim world and for us here in Europe.
The ever greater demand for mobile workers who have received a broad education is a further factor in favour of this lifestyle.
The evolution of our model of development, focused from now on on the knowledge economy, makes culture a strategically important sector. I welcome the adoption of this report, which proposes ways of making better use of European cultural resources.
The exacerbation of social inequalities in the countries of the EU, which are currently reaching worrying levels, is a telling example of this.
The example of Libya shows how deep the divisions between us are even in matters which would seem obvious, such as the protection of the civilian population.
The examples in North Africa make us realise now that the EU's need for military preparedness and capability at the gates of Europe remains a fact.
The excellence often found in urban areas could be ensured by intensifying virtual links, for example, through permanent videoconferencing and a smart connection between territorialised research centres and centres of excellence.
The excessive currency value, and now rising interest rates, have aggravated stagnation, which has brought about falling tax revenues, cuts in services and rising government debts.
The excessive price volatility in the previous period is partly the consequence of wrong decisions taken by the EU, for instance the abolition of maize intervention.
The exemptions for EURO V and EURO VI are also positive, as well as the fact that the Member States have again committed to regulating the interoperability of toll systems, as it is a thorn in our sides that that is still not the case.
The exhaustion of fisheries resources is an environmental problem, but also a social one. I therefore welcome this positive report on the agreement adopted by the 36th session of the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO) Conference, which brings to a close a long period of debate that had already led to the adoption of a number of codes of conduct. I believe that combating illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing must be a key element of any fisheries policy worthy of the name. I am therefore voting for this report on an agreement whose established goals are to prevent, deter and eliminate illegal fishing by applying effective measures in the port state and, in this way, to enable long-term conservation, and the rational and sustainable exploitation of marine ecosystems.
The existence and operation of this instrument is therefore to be welcomed, but we should also welcome the fact that it is being monitored.
The existence of a register of organisations and employees involved in decision making and the implementation of EU policy thereby strengthens transparency in the dialogue between these representatives of civil society and Union institutions while, at the same time, establishing binding measures in the event of an infringement of the code of conduct in the annex to the agreement.
The existence of minimum harmonisation clauses has resulted in the fragmentation of the regulatory framework, hindering the completion of the single market.
The existence of the bilateral investment agreements needs to be safeguarded but, at the same time, we cannot unconditionally bless agreements if they create significant problems.
The existence of the co-decision procedure in the European Union gives the Council and the Presidency the opportunity to build personal relations with a large number of Members, and to raise mutual awareness within the institutions of each other's problems, which I believe is a great opportunity for us all.
The existing problems with cross-border online shopping will persist for some time to come.
The experience from my own country shows me that national bureaucracies are unbelievably obstructive, and stubbornly resist all changes that would limit their ability to victimise small businesses. I therefore believe we must persevere with the simplification of rules for SMEs patiently and rigorously, and trust that our efforts will somehow bring the expected result.
The experience of the financing instrument for development cooperation (DCI) has been fundamental in understanding how the European Union should proceed in the context of the next Multiannual Financial Framework.
The experience of the past two years in particular has confirmed that the achievement of strong competitiveness, sustainable economic growth and job availability requires a sustainable level of government deficit and debt, reforms to eliminate macroeconomic imbalances and a decisive EU strategy for growth and employment. I have to confess to a certain personal embarrassment over the introduction of administrative elements into the economic mechanisms.
The experiences of EU Member States can be used when organising such programmes.
The experts estimate that by 2015 as much as a quarter of trade will have moved to the Internet, so it is very important that confidence in this type of transaction should grow. I congratulate the author of the report and the other people who were involved in the work on the draft of this resolution.
The explanation I have so far been given for this situation is that research excellence is the main criterion for selection to the Seventh Framework Programme.
The explosion of the reactor at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant resulted in the contamination of around 100 000 km2 of land, of which 70% was in Belarus.
The export of controlled waste from the EU for disposal is prohibited under current legislations, yet annually illegal shipments from the EU are thought to average about 22 000 tonnes.
The export of radioactive waste to third countries must be banned.
The extension of this agreement, which facilitates the stabilisation of the European canned tuna market, is proving to be useful as it guarantees the presence of 60 vessels from the European tuna fleet in the region with the opportunity to create new jobs.
The external auditor has pointed the finger at weak budgetary planning, the lack of a clear link between objectives and budgetary resources, as well as carry-overs and cancellations of significant appropriations.
The external dimension of social policy includes EU activities and initiatives aimed at promoting labour and social standards in non-member countries.
The external dimension of social policy includes European Union activities and initiatives aimed at promoting labour and social standards in third countries.
The external dimension of social policy includes activities and initiatives of the EU aimed at promoting labour and social standards in non-member countries.
The external dimension of social policy is a key priority for our group and for me. We have recently adopted a resolution concerning the future convention on domestic workers to be adopted in June 2011.
The external dimension of social policy is one of the key priorities of the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament.
The external dimension of the European Union needs to be enhanced, since Article 21 of the Treaty on European Union promotes an international system based on stronger multilateral cooperation in which the Member States guarantee that the Union can assert their interests and values on the international scene.
The external dimension of the European Union's social policy aims to promote social standards in non-member countries, but the issues of competitiveness and economic factors continue to take priority over social and labour issues.
The external dimension of the social policy is aimed at promoting core social standards in third countries in order to meet the Millennium Development Goals set by the United Nations and to ensure that workers are protected through compliance with international labour standards.
The fact is that even now the lobby register only covers 2 800 of the 20 000 lobbyists in Brussels.
The fact is that neither NATO nor the UN wants the EU pretending to get involved militarily.
The fact is that our authority, yours here in Parliament and ours in the Commission, is unfortunately very limited in Minsk.
The fact is that there have been over 2 000 infections and more than 20 people have died.
The fact is that, in this House, there is not really a majority for a real greening of transport.
The fact is, the alert system worked very well.
The fact of the matter is that these decisions should be taken at Member State level.
The fact remains that the idea is now out there and that is the real positive point which enables me to vote for the compromise.
The fact that Bulgaria and Romania have external EU borders should not be regarded as a barrier preventing them from joining the Schengen area.
The fact that a state cannot decide on such a measure, but only the Union, is a plus.
The fact that granting asylum seekers equality with the national population in terms of access to the labour market and social security has boosted economic migration was only to be expected.
The fact that in 2010, the total amount of bilateral trade between the EU and Japan was EUR 120 billion demonstrates that both sides are extremely important to each other as partners.
The fact that it is a scarce public resource and its cross-border scale make our intervention as EU legislators worthwhile, but we should not couch this process as a confrontation between the various uses that we could assign frequency bands.
The fact that joint meetings can take place only if the matter in question is one of major importance ensures that there will be no unfairly extensive application of a procedure that is, by its very nature, exceptional. I vote in favour of Mr Casini's report.
The fact that regulations can bypass my own parliament, can bypass the people who were elected by the British people, is an absolute disgrace and, yes, it is the Sovietisation of Europe.
The fact that such warrants are issued for the purpose of prosecuting a person on the grounds of his political opinions ought to constitute a legal bar to surrender, but I suspect that some political opinions would be less equal than others.
The fact that the African Union has suspended the country's membership, declaring the political regime illegal, along with the suspension of assistance by the IMF and the World Bank, have led to the government's international isolation and deepened the problems of a population deprived of foreign aid.
The fact that the Commission's plans include objectives which are slightly different from those which were in the current financial perspective must certainly be disturbing. I am thinking of objectives directed at the fight against climate change and at innovation.
The fact that the majority of errors are detected by the Court of Auditors and the Commission in projects and payments managed by Member States indicates clearly where more efforts need to be made without delay, as shared management represents almost 80% of the European Funds.
The fact that the organisers of last year's flotilla are planning to repeat their action on the anniversary of the incident and MEPs from the GUE and Greens/EFA political groups organised a hearing at the EP on 10 May put the issue yet again in the spotlight.
The fact that the overwhelming majority of Hungarians support the new legislation is particularly impressive, and proves that the Hungarian nation has moved completely away from the tradition of Communist constitutions, within which the previous constitution had been drafted.
The fact that the source of this outbreak is still unclear and that the search for answers has, at times, seemed haphazard, means that consumer confidence is eroding fast.
The fact that they have one European and one national side is an appropriate expression of the idea of European Monetary Union between the Member States.
The fact that this is so unfairly distributed, that the burden is only being borne by the lower sections of society, that no capital levy is being introduced in Greece and that tax evasion is also widespread in Greece is an unfair situation.
The fact that various countries have traditional historical ties with European Member States strengthens Europe's ability to permeate other cultures and to make itself understood in other parts of the world.
The fact that we can travel from Finland to Malta, from Portugal to Estonia, without ever showing a passport is a wonderful symbol of European integration. I want to protect this and further promote it. I am happy that I can count on your support in this.
The fact that we have 27 legal regimes is one of the most formidable barriers encountered by entrepreneurs and consumers in the EU who wish to take advantage of the benefits of the Internal Market.
The fact that we try to spread our ideals, for example, in the field of human rights, follows simply from a moral imperative.
The fact that we will now be represented by the President of the European Council or the High Representative does not mean that Member States will present a common standpoint on particularly controversial topics.
The fact that, at a time of crisis and necessary cutbacks, there has still been an increase in the resources from the European budget for heading 3a, on the management of immigration, is a good thing in my view. I therefore hope that the European Union will no longer avoid facing up to this problematic situation or leave Italy alone to manage it.
The facts reveal, however, that those words are just an empty promise.
The failure to conclude this dossier came despite a number of positive steps achieved on the issue of cloning during the last months and hours of negotiations.
The failure today inside and outside the EU to comply with basic international social standards constitutes a form of social and environmental dumping detrimental to European enterprises and workers. I voted in favour.
The failure today inside and outside the EU to comply with basic international social standards constitutes a form of social and environmental dumping detrimental to both European enterprises and EU and non-EU workers and citizens.
The fair road charge system proposed in the Eurovignette Directive will allow us to use our scarce resources in a more sustainable manner.
The fate of the Lithuanian textile and clothing sector is closely linked to the EU, as 84% of Lithuanian textiles are exported to the EU. Not many people are aware that Lithuanian textile manufacturers sew uniforms for various military and police forces throughout Europe, including NATO.
The fears that the promised stress tests for all nuclear power plants would simply provide an excuse for the continued operation of reactors have unfortunately proven to be well-founded in the light of the stress criteria announced.
The fields of investigation must be consistent and similar.
The fight against IUU fishing constitutes an essential component of the common fisheries policy and the EU should be able to foster international cooperation on this matter by participating actively and constructively in the adoption of an international instrument on port state measures.
The fight against IUU fishing is an essential component of the common fisheries policy, and the EU should be able to foster international cooperation on this matter by participating actively and constructively in the adoption of an international instrument on port state measures.
The fight against corruption and the affirmation of the rule of law are not just preconditions for deepening EU-Ukraine relations: they are also crucial for reinforcing Ukraine's democratic development.
The fight against speculation on agricultural commodities and extreme price volatility require a global-level solution to ensure greater stability for farmers and the large-scale supply of safe food products. I therefore support a worldwide system for the notification of current stock levels, in order to tackle uncontrolled speculation on agricultural commodities.
The fight against this form of exploitation constitutes an essential component of the common fisheries policy and the EU should be able to foster international cooperation on this matter by participating actively and constructively in the adoption of an international instrument on port state measures.
The fight against youth unemployment is one of the most urgent challenges for Europe.
The figures are frightening: the Baltic States, Ireland, Greece and Slovakia, 30%; Spain, 40%; in your own country, Mr President, one million people under 25 with no prospects of a job.
The filling in of such content should not be governed and regulated to too great an extent 'from the top down'.
The final FTA should include a binding state-to-state dispute settlement mechanism, provisions on mediation regarding non-tariff barriers to trade (NTBs), on anti-dumping measures and on compensation rights, and a general safeguard clause based on Articles XX and XXI of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT). However, it also highlights the need for the Commission to include robust and effective safeguard clauses in the FTA and to insist, during negotiations, that India ratify the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT).
The final document intends to grant autonomous trade preferences to the country in relation to 75 product lines of interest (mainly textiles and clothing) in the form of exemption from customs duties, with the exception of one product (ethanol) for which a tariff rate quota applies.
The final document sends a clear message to the Commission, which is currently in the middle of its internal budget discussion on the next financial programme: namely that Parliament sees the future common agricultural policy as one that is capable of delivering for the European economy in terms of employment and growth.
The final draft agenda, as drawn up by the Conference of Presidents at a meeting on Thursday, 5 May 2011, pursuant to Rule 137 of the Rules of Procedure, has been distributed.
The final point that I should like to discuss concerns the use of frequency bands that are currently used for military purposes.
The final results of the referendum of 9 January 2011 on the self-determination of South Sudan have confirmed, by an overwhelming majority, that the voters were determined to create an independent state.
The final text of this report emphasises the strategic role that the European Union must play in international organisations.
The final version of the draft agenda as drawn up by the Conference of Presidents at its meeting of 9 June 2011 pursuant to Rules 137 and 138 of the Rules of Procedure has been distributed.
The financial and economic crisis has thrown a critical light on credit rating agencies and, in particular, their active role in the continuing crisis, the core problems identified being a lack of competition, excessive dependency on external credit ratings and a lack of answerability in the sector.
The financial crisis has already shown that something that happens on the other side of the world can hit all of us at home with devastating force.
The financial crisis has highlighted that there are three key problems in the industry: lack of competition, over-reliance on external ratings in the regulatory framework and no liability for ratings by CRAs.
The financial crisis has shown us that we cannot continue to accept the oligopolistic structure, nor the lack of transparency and accountability of current credit rating agencies.
The financial crisis of recent years has highlighted the three main problems in the sector: lack of competition, over-reliance on external ratings in the regulatory framework, and no liability for credit rating agencies in relation to the ratings they issue. I voted in favour of the report by Mr Klinz because I think establishing a completely independent, non-public European Credit Rating Foundation is a sensible and attractive idea.
The financial crisis should have taught us all to value transparency.
The financial framework for the period 2007-2013 turned the 'territorial cooperation' objective into one of the three pillars of the EU's cohesion policy, replacing the INTERREG Community initiative.
The financial sector was not only focusing on short-term profits, but was also undermining efforts to introduce sustainable growth.
The financial year 2010 showed clearly how sensitive and important the publication of results is in terms of consistency.
The financing instrument for development cooperation is aimed at helping poorer partner countries in the field of trade and regional integration, the natural environment and the management of natural resources, infrastructure, water and energy, rural development, agriculture and food security, human development and social cohesion.
The firing of shots by militia men at a UN helicopter at the end of May was an outrageous and cowardly act; as outrageous as the call by the Khartoum government for UN Peacekeepers to withdraw after 9 July.
The first - and the primary - objective of our strategy has been to prevent another cardiac arrest of the kind that followed the failure of Lehman Brothers in September 2008 and subsequently led to the financial crisis and economic recession worldwide.
The first and most urgent task would be the simplification of bureaucratic burdens.
The first bilateral fisheries agreement was signed by the European Union and Seychelles in 1987, while the Partnership Agreement came into force in 2006.
The first clarification which needs to be made, because a remark was made about this in the Chamber, is that, faced with such a crisis, agricultural policy is not the problem but rather the solution.
The first concerns Greece. I think there is a need to consolidate the financial situation and to devise measures to promote growth.
The first condition ensuring that the young people of today become Europe's citizens of tomorrow is for them to get to know one another.
The first draft did not fulfil my requirements.
The first is a fight about principle - who should pay for the use of infrastructures and what specifically they should pay for.
The first is economic integration in the shape of the economic governance package, which should make it possible to find the best solutions for getting out of the economic and financial crisis, as well as concrete measures for the countries in especially difficult economic situations; to this end the Council should send out a clear message of solidarity and responsibility.
The first is reverse qualified majority voting, which has already been referred to many times in this Chamber.
The first is that discrimination on grounds of sexual orientation is not included and that has to be included in the future.
The first is that the purpose of supporting workers should remain the number one priority.
The first is that this debate has demonstrated as much division on this issue as in the Committee on International Trade itself or even more, and the second is that the merits of the proposals adopted by the Committee on International Trade, some of which the European Commission considers inconclusive ... the plenary sitting tomorrow will decide on the merits of these proposals and the Commission's objections.
The first is that when it comes to migration then naturally we must expect more migration in the long term as a result of demographic change, but here in the European Union we currently have 24 million people without work and in Spain the youth unemployment rate is 30%. We should therefore proceed cautiously - very cautiously - when it comes to the issue of migration.
The first is that, despite all the concern and fear being felt by the people, we must not lose sight of the principles.
The first is the question of young people being able to move across borders. I believe that in this time of crisis, it is necessary for us to really focus, both politically and financially, on actually implementing and supporting this mobility for young people.
The first is the suspension of transfers under the Dublin Regulation and the second is access for law enforcement under the Eurodac Regulation.
The first issue is the time it takes for a contribution to be granted once a Member State has submitted an application. A large part of that time is taken up by assessing the application.
The first item in the preamble illustrates the vision guiding this report: it states that the multilateral trade system established through the World Trade Organisation (WTO) continues to represent the most suitable framework for regulating and promoting open and fair trade.
The first item is the report by Mr Garriga Polledo, on behalf of the Special committee on the policy challenges and budgetary resources for a sustainable European Union after 2013, on Investing in the future: a new Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF) for a competitive, sustainable and inclusive Europe.
The first item is the report by Mrs Balzani, on behalf of the Committee on Budgets, on the mandate for the trialogue on the 2012 Draft Budget (2011/2019 (BUD)).
The first one, which is perhaps the most important for the Committee on Foreign Affairs and was also mentioned by the Commissioner, is the requirement not to decouple human rights conditionality, including respect for the basic standards of the right to work, from granting trade preferences. I believe that we have a difference of opinion on this point.
The first point is simplification - less bureaucracy - and we stated that when we started the Seventh Framework Programme.
The first question is whether we are actually undermining our attempt to establish a multilateral agreement by agreeing a large number of external trade agreements with highly significant trading partners.
The first radio spectrum policy programme (RSPP) is a significant step in ensuring the efficient and optimal use of this finite resource.
The first section takes the view that the impact assessments used by the European institutions should comply with certain principles and should be completely independent and transparent.
The first step, which should apply for all Community resources, is to simplify procedures and make allocation of funds more flexible by reducing bureaucratic barriers, the excessive administrative costs and other obstacles that hamper policy goals regarding employment and the fight against poverty.
The first stocktaking phase allowed us to identify current gaps, needs and conditions for the voluntary corps to make a positive contribution to EU humanitarian assistance.
The first thing I want to do is to welcome the fact that it is going to be a Pillar Two structure, because I think that is what we are all agreed on.
The first thing I want to say is that some Members of this House need to show a little humility and a little common sense, because they make it appear that they are the only ones that have ever thought about nuclear safety and the only ones who are worried about the future of their children and humanity.
The first thing you have to do, then, is cope with that.
The first years of childhood are crucial for children's cerebral, physical, emotional and personal development, for acquiring language, and are the foundation of lifelong learning.
The fisheries sector is clearly in crisis: fishers' incomes are lower every day, making it difficult to continue working in this field in many cases.
The fisheries sector is one of the sectors most affected by oil price increases, because fuel is a significant part of the operating cost of the fisherman, estimated at 30-50%. I fully support any measures that could be put in place to assist fishermen in this regard, particularly those engaged in small-scale fishing on coasts and islands.
The fishermen, in trying to make up for the increase in fuel prices, are increasing the volume of their catches and sailing further to fishing grounds, which, in turn, means that their boats use more fuel.
The five original Member States have given way to the current 25: 22 within the Union, and three outside it. Free movement is thus guaranteed within a territory of almost 43 000 km of external maritime borders and more than 7 700 km of land borders, covering 25 countries and 400 million people.
The flagship initiative 'An agenda for new skills and jobs' underlines the fact that because of the crisis employment has fallen below 69%, while the figure for unemployment has risen to 10%; assuming that the job market will stabilise in 2010-2011, attainment of an employment rate of 75% by 2020 will require an average increase in employment of slightly more than 1% per year.
The flood which affected Pakistan so catastrophically in the summer of 2010 had a disastrous effect on the country's economy.
The focus of the high-level group's trade discussions has been on exploring how to achieve progress on these issues. A degree of progress has thus been delivered on a limited number of non-tariff measures from a list identified by the EU, namely three out of 27, but for most non-tariff measures on the list, we feel that Japan has failed to present a credible road map demonstrating how the problems should be solved.
The following amendments have been proposed:
The forecast by the European Centre for the Development of Vocational Training (Cedefop) of growth of 80 million new jobs by 2020 is welcome.
The forest-based industries (FBIs) provide more than 2 million jobs, mostly in SMEs. 350 000 people are employed in forest management.
The forestry industries contribute to economic growth, they create opportunities for growth and employment in rural areas, and they encourage rural development through local industries and tourism opportunities.
The forests and the forestry industry are already making a significant contribution to the production of local raw materials.
The forthcoming EU-Russia Summit should be used to draw attention to the situation in Belarus. I am not talking about negotiations with Russia on Belarus, as this would only imply that Russia has some sort of 'special rights' to this country.
The forthcoming European Council is of particular importance because the two great facets of European integration will be at the heart of the debates.
The forthcoming MFF must be implemented with an economic governance system in place which can ensure the financial stability required to implement European policies. I wish to congratulate the rapporteur, Salvador Garriga.
The foundations for lifelong learning, which play an important role in achieving the Lisbon targets, are also laid in this early period.
The fourth and final section calls for an autonomous IA structure within the European Parliament which all of Parliament's committees should use to further improve law making and create synergies.
The fourth and final section calls for an autonomous impact assessment structure within the European Parliament which all of Parliament's committees should use to create more synergies.
The fragmentation of research systems and markets, the underuse of public procurement to stimulate innovation, the precarious nature of funding and the slow standardisation process are the problems which European Union countries are still faced with.
The framework for budgetary surveillance and for the coordination of EU economic policies should be broadened so as to include employment and social aspects.
The framework to control public debt and private debt should support long-term growth, taking due account of the anti-cyclical role of budgetary policy as well as improving the preconditions for investments and the development of the internal market, which is essential to ensuring the correct functioning and the strengthening of the economic and monetary union.
The free movement of people, goods and services provides perfect cover for the people traffickers, the terrorists and for threatening, traumatising scams aimed at fleecing the unwary.
The free movement of workers is a fundamental principle of the EU. Together with the free movement of goods, services, and capital, it is a pillar of the Single Market and has contributed to European integration over the last 50 years.
The free trade agreement planned could make a significant contribution towards advancing the EU-Canada economic partnership and would send a powerful pro-growth signal to investors and business within the EU and Canada.
The freedom of choice of parents in relation to bringing up their children is to be undermined. I therefore voted against this report.
The front-line Member States have in fact had to face the refugee crisis by means of unilateral initiatives, without being able to rely on European solidarity. I therefore call on the Commission to define the cases in which we can talk of a 'mass influx of displaced persons' under the terms of Directive 2001/55/EC on temporary protection, thereby setting precise, measurable criteria that can be regarded as permanent.
The fuel price is high, yet the price of fish is low, at a record low, in fact.
The fully legitimate demand for transparency, as reflected in the debate and the vote today, must, of necessity, be balanced so that we do not, with the best of intentions, destroy a well-functioning system.
The fundamental aspect of European culture is that it is not intended to be promoted in external relations in a simplified way, but as something vibrant and alive thanks to its particular features.
The fundamental point, which has also already been mentioned several times, is the failure of issuing states to apply consistent or indeed any consideration of whether the measure is proportionate.
The fundamental preconditions for achieving the overall objectives of cohesion policy are sound financial discipline and transparency in the allocation of funds.
The further development of qualitative and quantitative metrics should be based on the European Quality of Life Survey (EQLS) indicators, covering the core areas of quality of life.
The future MFF must provide measures for overcoming these difficulties.
The future agenda of cross-border, transnational and interregional cooperation is strategically important in defining the objectives of every territorial reality in Europe, and the ways in which these can be achieved. 'Territorial cooperation' is an added value which paves the way towards realising all the possibilities of a region and increasing its competitiveness. I am voting in favour of the report because I believe it is important to define the objectives which guarantee the adequate allocation of funds for cooperative programmes, and to fully satisfy the needs of every area through the involvement of the most important regional projects.
The future approach should therefore be based on a common strategic framework for the various Structural Funds, in order to ensure a common perspective and to optimise the synergies which can be established between the different funds.
The future financial framework mirrors the goals set out in the Europe 2020 strategy and is grounded firmly within the Treaty of Lisbon.
The future instrument must ensure better integration of environmental and climate change issues in developing cooperation.
The future of European research will involve simplifying how programmes are implemented, facilitating access to funding, the participation of small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) but, above all, adapting our priorities to society's great challenges (ageing population, climate change, and so on).
The future of the European Union rests on its young people, on their potential and ability to embrace the current EU project and take it to a new dimension of inclusion and cooperation between Member States.
The future opening of the market to EU and US aviation enterprises on a non-discriminatory basis will offer better services to passengers and air transport carriers, will bring significant economic benefits and will create jobs.
The future participation of the Civil Society Forum established recently in Prague should be an important topic for discussion during the talks and negotiations between the EU and Russia.
The gagging of free speech in Poland is a disgrace to the entire European Union.
The gem in this report is at paragraph 14. Fathers and mothers are thus 'equal partners in early childhood education and care'. Did I read 'partners'? Is it not their responsibility, first and foremost, to educate their own children? However it is true that, at paragraph 16, the rapporteur is calling for investment in parental education programmes.
The general aim of the report, namely to strengthen coordination between EU economies, is undoubtedly a good one, but the same cannot be said of the mechanisms that are meant to achieve it. In fact, the report, like the other, similar reports included in the economic governance package, essentially proposes to strengthen central surveillance and monitoring of individual Member States' economies, which would gradually and consistently weaken the role and the freedom of national economies themselves. I therefore decided to abstain from the vote.
The general background to the action plan is the general deployment of global satellite navigation systems and, specifically, the development and deployment of EGNOS (European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service).
The gentlemen's agreement was useful last century, but its bases have changed radically. I would therefore be grateful if the Hungarian Presidency kept up these efforts toward continued progress, whilst recognising that the Council gives advice or makes recommendations on the discharge procedure, but it is Parliament - the European Union's only democratic institution, directly elected by the European public - that decides and adopts the final decision.
The geopolitical situation in the southern Mediterranean region is currently undergoing a sea change.
The global climatic challenges, the strain posed by demographic changes on food security, as well as the economic recession, should lead to the intensification of efforts to ensure sustainable growth, encourage and protect jobs.
The global financial crisis and the intense global competitive pressures from the economic tigers of China and India show us that the Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF) will have to be set up in such a way that it corresponds to the main objectives of the 2020 agenda.
The global financial crisis has had a significant impact on both revenues and expenditure in all our countries, even if the extent and nature of that impact is not the same in all cases and the capacity of individual Member States to handle the consequences is also very different.
The global financial crisis triggered by the bankruptcy of the Lehman Brothers bank in 2008 and 'subprime credit' - the inappropriate securitisation of mortgage debt - sparked very serious doubts concerning the strength of financial institutions.
The global overview of this practice of IUU fishing can result in better monitoring of fishing activities overall.
The globalisation of the economy and the relocation of European companies have led to concerns regarding the external dimension of social policy.
The goal is to ensure EU representation in multilateral organisations - the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO), the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) and the World Bank - as if it were a (super)state.
The goal of the Europe 2020 strategy is precisely to tap this potential in terms of workers and to bring them into the workplace so that the EU, too, can deal with globalisation.
The goal was to have a level of aggregated information on the ability of the European financial system as a whole to withstand stress, and they focused on the 22 largest banks.
The goals of introducing complete broadband coverage of the EU by 2013 and universal high-speed Internet access by 2020 are praiseworthy, but perhaps not entirely realistic.
The goals pursued by the European Union when establishing this instrument are to ensure special EU assistance for developing countries.
The good and bad aspects of the report will come out in today's debate, both praise and criticism. I know it is impossible for this Chamber to give its unanimous support on such a sensitive issue, but I would like to thank the political groups for their generosity in seeking consensus, and the skills they have contributed over this period.
The government of Sri Lanka and the Commission have set up the LLRC to investigate human rights allegations.
The government shall remove the provision that allows the Ministry of Labour to extend all sectoral agreements to those not represented in negotiations'.
The governments of certain Member States have crossed the boundaries of the rule of law, which were previously considered to be inviolable; they are restricting the freedom of the press, which is essential for the implementation of real democracy.
The great virtue of this report is to seek to mobilise all the EU's budgetary resources in a coherent fashion and as a means to achieve the Europe 2020 strategy, and to take a stand that is diametrically opposed to the narrow approach of most Member States.
The greater audit transparency and the improved performance shown by all those involved in the management of European funds are the two main reasons that lead me to support this discharge.
The greening of payments of the first pillar will also make it possible to encourage farmers to adopt good farming practices and to be more economically and ecologically efficient.
The grey areas that have emerged in recent days between the Pakistani authorities and al-Qaeda, and the Bin Laden affair itself, show how unreliable that country is. I believe that we must focus attention on this, just as we must focus attention on the major human rights issues that have emerged lately.
The grounds cited were connected with the WTO, and we all know - Mrs Lepage was quite right to say this - that such grounds are out of the question here. I think that the rapporteur will be coming back to this issue shortly.
The guidelines for the budget, accepted by the majority in Parliament, are 'fully in line with the dynamics of the European Semester', seeking to impose structural adjustments that have neoliberal content.
The guiding principle has been to respect Member States' competences and subsidiarity while, at the same time, seeing how best the EU could contribute to ensuring that the functions of forests are protected and that the information necessary to achieve this is available.
The harmonisation of frequencies will lower the costs of deploying mobile networks and the cost of mobile devices for consumers, and boost competition and consumer choice.
The heavy-handed rule of Alexander Lukashenko gags the opposition, convicting its leaders and sending them to prison and to what are called 'penal colonies'. In this context, one need only mention the names of opposition presidential candidate Andrei Sannikau, whose trial began a month ago, and Mikalai Statkevich, who is being held under arrest by the KGB.
The high fuel prices could be best addressed by the use of those EFF measures that help to restructure the fishing fleet and add more value to fisheries products, thus improving prices.
The higher absorption rates for environmental programmes under the European territorial cooperation objective show the added value of cross-border and interregional cooperation - which should therefore be encouraged in future.
The highest nuclear safety standards should therefore be legally binding and global, facilities everywhere should be equally safe, and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) should be strengthened.
The historical relationship between Europe and Canada is long, and even predates the EU. Moreover, we share the same values and principles, making us preferential allies in the global geostrategic situation.
The human rights violations call for impartial investigation.
The idea behind the proposal was to make it easier for small and medium-sized enterprises to do business in the single market, and this must result in reducing costs and increased economic growth.
The idea behind this resolution is that the common security and defence policy (CSDP), following the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon, envisages the Union's firm political intention to act as a force of stability in the world, with a clear legal framework for making it more able to pursue its objectives.
The idea is impeccable but, in view of the North African crisis this year and the ongoing Libyan crisis, it is obviously not feasible.
The idea of European strategy documents should be pursued as a matter of high priority, and the European Parliament must be actively involved in this process.
The idea of a ​​transnational list is absurd. I have several questions: Why would Slovak, German or Italian electors vote for people they cannot understand without an interpreter? How will their elected MEPs then represent them if they cannot even read letters sent to them by their constituents? How many times is a Greek MEP going to meet his Slovak voters? What are they going to discuss? Besides, only large Member States will benefit from a pan-European list.
The idea of making agriculture more scientific, of moving away from productivist industrial farms, is now enshrined in the texts.
The idea of making direct payments conditional upon cross-compliance with environmental protection and landscape management is potentially beneficial, but only as long as they are not tied to the semi-religious precepts of climate change and social diversity nonsense.
The idea that such funds should flow from the less developed countries to the more developed ones in order for the latter to build their research infrastructure, for example, is unacceptable, because the gap between regions would only increase. I hope that the Commission will be able to dispel doubts with regard to equal opportunities for researchers and coordinators from various regions and countries of the Union, provided, obviously, that they meet the scientific excellence requirement.
The idea that the European Union can only continue in the way that we want it to and also provide a better life for all Europeans if we rescue Greece and stabilise the South is one that has not been communicated at all up to now, and I believe there is actually an institution responsible for this and that is the European Council. I would say that Parliament is not always a shining example, either.
The ideas of Valentin Inzko, High Representative of the international community and EU Special Representative for Bosnia and Herzegovina, regarding the approach towards Serbia will not resolve the situation, but will rather do the opposite.
The identification system, described as an 'alert mechanism', uses both a scoreboard of quantitative indicators and qualitative assessments. I believe that this scoreboard is important in terms of giving us a general and complete overview, and I therefore believe it should be a flexible and adaptable instrument so that it can be modified and adapted to varying requirements and situations, clearly guaranteeing a framework of legal certainty. I hope that Parliament will reach a final agreement and approve the entire governance package as quickly as possible, in order to send a strong and unified message to the public and the markets and to stop speculation.
The images of people having lost their livelihoods might not be present any more in everyone's mind, but we should not forget the immense cost of those devastating floods, both in terms of humanitarian needs and economic devastation.
The immediate consequence of that is that European industry is exposed to strong competition from global competitors that are not bound by the same constraints.
The immediate tangible impact on the ground will, of course, depend on the political willingness of the Member States to exploit the new opportunities or otherwise.
The impact assessment instrument presented by the rapporteur is a good way of improving the quality of law making at European level.
The impact differs from one geographical area to another, but it is a cross-border impact and needs to be addressed with Europe's assistance.
The impact on the Irish economy now is that good enterprises are starved of capital as banks struggle to meet the various requirements.
The implementation of Greece's reform plans calls for exceptional efforts from the Greek people.
The implementation of the Seventh Framework Programme and, in turn, the progression towards what is proposed as a common strategic framework for research and innovation, is marked by a long series of individual, but nonetheless significant, steps. I believe that this debate today marks one of those significant steps.
The implementation of the functions mentioned requires sufficient human and financial resources.
The implementation of the protocol has proved effective by providing Seychelles with resources to develop a responsible fishing industry.
The importance must be emphasised of gender budgeting as a good governance tool to improve efficiency and fairness, proper monitoring of how budgetary allocations affect the economic and social opportunities of men and women, and flexibility to restructure the ones that negatively affect the achievement of gender equality.
The importance of continuing to work on non-tariff issues was also stressed in the context of the joint high-level group and I hope that these agreements can be put into practice as soon as possible.
The importance of the transport sector to the European economy is reflected in the employment that it directly provides for more than 10 million people and in the 5% of gross domestic product (GDP) that it represents.
The importance of this agreement is due to the fact that India is the seventh largest economy in the world.
The importance of young farmers is mentioned.
The important thing is to reform the quota system, but also to reform and examine practices within the profession that mean that small operators are endlessly suffering while large operators are becoming ever richer!
The impression one gets from this report, or indeed from others on the same subject or on foreign policy, is that the intention is to push the European Union into ensuring that it gradually gains the upper hand over the Member States in drawing up foreign and defence policy.
The improper execution of this construction work will at least have a positive effect for the future, because European law will be worded more clearly and will no longer be so easy to circumvent.
The inability of my country's young people to find suitable work has caused a huge wave of youth emigration - in the last few years, 50% of Lithuanian emigrants were aged 20-34. The need for a mobile and flexible workforce is growing and therefore, we must help Europe's workforce to adapt to the needs of the economy, giving them the opportunity to improve their skills and enhance their knowledge.
The inability to assess with certainty the impact of the directives presented in this report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on the prevention and correction of macroeconomic imbalances is what made up my mind to abstain from the vote.
The inadequacy of these capabilities has been a factor preventing Europe from responding promptly to the Libyan crisis, starting with setting up a permanent operations general headquarters.
The inclusion of new indicators, and the establishment of lower and upper thresholds that will be symmetric when appropriate, will enable these indicators to serve as alert levels to avoid the current financial rescues being undertaken by the Commission and the International Monetary Fund.
The inclusion of the European Development Fund (EDF) in the budget would be significant progress as long as it does not lead to a reduction in total funding amounts at EU level. I am also in favour of 'more' budgetary aid, whether general or sector-specific, and fewer projects whenever the macro-economic and governance criteria allow.
The incomes and wages of people working in the fisheries industry are insecure as a result of several factors, such as the irregular nature of fishing, the marketing approaches employed, and the way in which first-sale prices are set, which means that certain forms of national and EU public aid need to be maintained.
The increase in fuel prices translates directly into a fall in fishermen's profits, as the fishermen's boats are driven by diesel engines.
The increase in the EU budget has also been significantly slower than the increase in the Member States' national budgets, the UK budget for example, which is something else that is not mentioned when Her Majesty's Government speaks. I, personally, am absolutely convinced that austerity measures are not the only way out of this crisis.
The increased rights of illegal immigrants make deportation almost impossible. A uniform asylum law would only be desirable if it was based on the most stringent national asylum law, like that of Denmark for example, and if there were consequences for contraventions of the law, like the tourist visa for illegal immigrants.
The increasing complexity that characterises the international system makes it necessary to objectively coordinate the relationships between the Member States, and between the Member States and the EU on the various stages where we interact.
The increasing migration pressure on the Union's borders and the need for coordination between Member States amply justifies Frontex being equipped with sufficient means for carrying out the duties with which it has been entrusted.
The incumbent Hungarian Government failed the stress test you envision, Commissioner, because it has repeatedly impeded the construction of the NATO radar facility, which would have provided greater protection for the Paks nuclear power plant against aircraft attacks than the protection we have today, for the past seven years.
The independence of impact assessments (IAs) needs to be guaranteed, above all, because of their importance in the decision-making process.
The individual or small business will have spent both money and time in securing a legal judgment, only to have to go before another Member State's courts with no guarantee of success or justice.
The industry and Parliament should recognise that disposal and reprocessing is also a transnational policy area that cannot be left to individual Member States.
The information from the current financial framework illustrates that, instead of being used to satisfy grassroots needs, the funds available under the euro-unifying budget are being directed against them, in order to support the profitability of the monopoly groups.
The information is intended to provide a basis for analysing the demand for drugs, ways of reducing it, and the drug market in general.
The information supplied by the Centre provides a basis for analysing the demand for drugs entering the EU and all the phenomena associated with the drug market, so as to be able to work out how best to combat these problems.
The information to be provided for consumers needs to be clear, intelligible and provided in good time.
The initial position of Parliament carried approximately 2 000 amendments.
The initial proposal for an EU regulation only makes provision for data to be collected and collated on atmospheric emissions, the environmental terms imposed on various economic activities and macroeconomic material flow accounting. A series of proposals and amendments has been tabled and I believe that these will allow us to adopt an integrated report and to achieve progress on the question of environmental policy.
The initiative, which, for over 25 years, has allowed promotion of the riches and diversity of European cultures, will also help rebuild the city's tourist industry and economic base.
The initiatives, which are of great interest to the regional- and local-level crafts sector, also include the development of a best practices network for regional and local collectives, and the implementation of consultation services on finance, to offer the sector's small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) better information on producing and distributing cultural and creative goods and services.
The institutionalisation of the European semester, the enhancement of the dialogue between the European institutions and national bodies, the role of Parliament and the Commission throughout the monitoring process, as well as greater and more effective supervision are all ways of achieving intelligent, sustainable and inclusive growth in Europe.
The institutions set up under the agreements reached at interparliamentary and intergovernmental level are intended to achieve these ends; these are the right place to demand explanations for possible infringements of rights and effectively encourage good behaviour and democratic reforms.
The institutions whose activities are audited by Parliament through the Committee on Budgetary Control, of which I am a member, are obliged to cooperate with that committee, for example by providing it with all the documents that are needed to ascertain that public money is being properly used.
The instrument for enhanced cooperation will have a direct impact on the internal market, territorial cohesion and the right of the citizens of the Member States to an EU patent governed by language regulations that provide sufficient legal certainty.
The instrument of 'territorial cooperation', as also highlighted in the Europe 2020 strategy, plays a crucial role in consolidating the internal market and promoting European integration in a variety of EU sectoral policies. I voted in favour of this report so that these objectives might become a reality in the near future, stimulating harmonious growth not only in different sectors but also in areas of Europe often characterised by heterogeneity on the level of territorial development.
The instruments of EU cohesion policy are managed in a common framework that ranges from the strategic guidelines to payments and the submission of reports.
The intended outcome is an unprecedented attack on the rights of the national parliaments and on the Constitution of the Portuguese Republic, whose members are governed by guidelines from the European Union on their countries' budgets; these guidelines are increasingly neoliberal.
The intention at the moment is to carry out a comprehensive analysis of the project.
The intention is clearly not that our drivers and hauliers should pay for the noise and environmental impact if we do not, at the same time, introduce measures aimed at solving the problems, such as road treatment and other noise-attenuation measures.
The intention is to expand the application of sanctions and the payment of fines to any Member State not complying with the impositions that have been laid down, placing them in a genuinely submissive position with regard to the European institutions and to the directory of powers that are, essentially, in charge of them...
The intention is to prevent budget deficits and excessive debt occurring, and to promote the surveillance and coordination of economic policy, so supporting the achievement of the Union's objectives regarding growth and jobs.
The intention of their design and implementation is to calculate how banks would withstand stress under certain adverse conditions, and to detect risks of contagion in order to prevent a domino effect that could lead to collapse.
The intention of this legislative package is an unprecedented attack on the rights of the national parliaments and, in Portugal, on the Constitution of the Portuguese Republic itself.
The interest earned by the Commission on deposits lodged in accordance with Article 4 and the fines collected in accordance with Article 5 and 6a should constitute other revenue referred to in Article 311 of the Treaty, and will be allocated to the European Financial Stability Facility.
The interests and the priorities in agriculture should therefore be fully taken into account and the agreement must be beneficial to EU and Canadian consumers and to the agricultural sectors on both sides as well, and ensure, within a balanced overall outcome, greater - but fair - competition among EU and Canadian suppliers providing agricultural goods. I welcome the initial commitment from both parties not to maintain, introduce or reintroduce agricultural export subsidies on the agricultural goods traded, this being a positive step in the interests of ambitious and fair negotiations, as well as the agreement to cooperate in WTO agricultural negotiations.
The interests of big companies and financial institutions, and of the major powers almost always overcome the genuine and real interests of solidarity.
The interests of economic and financial groups are prioritised, pressuring Russia to join the World Trade Organisation in order to promote 'a level playing field for business communities on both sides and liberalise trade in the global economy', with Russia having to facilitate foreign investment and renounce any 'protectionist measures'.
The intergovernmental NATO is now conducting that operation through voluntary participation.
The intermediate category contradicts the principle of converging European regions whose development is below the average European Union level.
The internal market is thus still not a single market as far as the digital environment is concerned, and the Council has thus missed a great opportunity.
The internal market remains one of the pillars and drivers of European integration. I voted in favour of this report as it represents not only a major advance towards further European integration, but also, once they are implemented, these regulations will enable all citizens to benefit from the same high level of protection, whatever their mode of purchase.
The international air agreements provided for under the Treaty of Lisbon are supranational agreements intended to overlap with the existing bilateral agreements implemented by the Member States.
The international community should demand a robust international investigation into credible reports of atrocities committed on both sides.
The international consequences that we, as an international community, must suffer are by no means limited to the territory of the former Soviet Union, Belarus, Ukraine and Russia, because more than half of the fallout following the fire and explosion fell on the territory of the European continent.
The intransigence, in the past, of those who handled the European Constitution prevented us from institutionalising European referenda.
The introduction and retention of innovative pedagogical models for language teaching is encouraged, particularly multilingual crèches and nursery schools which meet the objective set in Barcelona in 2002, which includes the learning of regional, minority and neighbouring languages.
The introduction of a public register to which lobbies must sign up if they are to have access to these two institutions constitutes genuine democratic progress to the benefit of citizens.
The introduction of an Anglo-Franco-German European patent is unacceptable for at least two reasons.
The introduction of environmental economic accounts is fundamentally important, but is no substitute for the creation of alternative indicators to GDP which cover the various environmental and social dimensions.
The introduction of this common platform of rights for all consumers within the Union represents a real step forward for the citizens of other countries where consumer information requirements are not as high and where the period for withdrawal is less well protected.
The investment chapter would, outrageously, give corporations the right to sue governments when social or environmental policies cut across their profiteering.
The invitation to register safeguards the very identity of interest groups and lobbyists, by recognising them independently and positioning them so that they can speak directly and immediately with the EU institutions.
The issue at stake is not that of the existence of a global navigation satellite system for Europe based on use for non-military ends and not integrated into the EU's security arrangements.
The issue concerning Bulgaria giving its military police access to information from Schengen records demonstrates that there are problems with those parts of Schengen that these countries are already included in. There are also problems with corruption and organised crime.
The issue just mentioned by Mrs Riera Madurell is also important, and that is public procurement.
The issue of Parliament's expenditure also interests me. While on this subject, I propose that we hold the group weeks in Strasbourg rather than in Brussels; that way, we would ensure that our parliamentary seat in Strasbourg is cost-effective.
The issue of Schengen does not only mean what the Commission communication now contains; the expansion of the Schengen zone is on the agenda.
The issue of cloning is increasingly being used by all who want to call the European institutions into question.
The issue of development cooperation is one of the cardinal principles underpinning my work. I believe that the excellent report by Mr Mitchell successfully highlights the areas in which Europe could and should do better.
The issue of early years learning is the key subject of this report, which focuses on its positive impact in terms of cognitive, motor, behavioural, affective and emotional development.
The issue of migration has come to the fore in recent months, particularly under the pressure of recent events in the southern Mediterranean.
The issue of proportionality or the lack thereof in the use of the arrest warrant is critical, a key issue.
The issue of the architecture of the future cohesion policy for the period 2014-2020 will be at the heart of the political debate in the coming years.
The issue of the external representation of the euro area, while related to the general reform of the International Monetary Fund, is not directly linked to the selection of the Managing Director of the IMF.
The issue of the lack of transparency and, hence, of the credibility of the data used by credit rating agencies raises an important question: is it fair, is it logical, is it morally correct for ratings that affect the economy and upset the lives of millions of our fellow citizens overnight to be non-transparent and possibly unreliable? Obviously it is not.
The issue was not a comparison with other Member States' constitutions.
The issue, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, has proved rather contentious in Parliament's Committee on International Trade, as regards whether - and this was the pretext for this Commission proposal - we should use trade preferences as a means of emergency aid to a given country; as regards the duration and extension of those trade preferences; and, finally, as regards what conditions would be imposed on the beneficiary, Pakistan in this instance.
The joint debate is closed.
The joint long, analytical and preparatory work has resulted, in my opinion, in increasing transparency and tighter management discipline.
The joint resolution was adopted by the committee on 12 April with a large majority: 34 votes in favour and 2 against.
The judge even insinuated that these could lead to a new arrest warrant.
The judge in the country to which the request is addressed should also have the discretion to say: 'I will not extradite people to a country in which prison facilities are inhumane and, as a judge, I will uphold Article 3 of the European Convention on Human Rights'. I agree with the Council that countries should be discreet about cases in respect of which they issue such a request, but countries should also have the freedom to say: 'That is such a minor offence, I am not going to extradite people for that'. Therefore, it is very important for Poland to change the way it administers justice.
The judicial authorities are, in many cases, inactive, and we therefore need to support through our resolution UN efforts to uphold the law and establish accountability for the killing and torture of thousands of civilians during the vicious fighting between the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam and government forces in Sri Lanka.
The key aim of these measures is to revitalise the Western Balkan economies through privileged access to the EU market.
The key aim of this measure is to revitalise the Western Balkan economies through privileged access to the EU market. I argue that there should have been provision for a study of the impact on the Internal Market with such exceptional access.
The key factor to achieving this goal is for developed countries to want to open their markets to developing countries, which also includes India.
The key objective of the 'Youth on the Move' initiative must be to increase European cohesion.
The key player on this in the EPP (Karas) was on our line, and as rapporteur for CRD IV (the Capital Requirements Directive), he will be given the task of dealing with corporate governance rules for financial institutions (the follow-up to this INI). His group, in particular Vice-President Wortman-Kool, let him down (again). Let us hope the actual legislation (proposal expected in July) will be treated with more care and determination.
The key point, which has now been under discussion for some time, is the debate about reforming the Security Council.
The key sectors include climate change, sustainable transport, nature and biodiversity, health and the environment, the use of natural resources and waste management, as well as the international dimension of sustainable development.
The key to the future will lie in strengthening our political ability to define common strategies and objectives in an increasingly coordinated and timely manner.
The labour market increasingly requires mobile, flexible people with international experience.
The lack of any utilitarian aspect to the EU's involvement must force its institutions to target these funds much better and focus on eradicating poverty and complying with the Millennium Development Goals (MDG).
The lack of spectrum must not be allowed to hinder innovation while we are developing new technology and services.
The large majority of UK-surrendered individuals were actually, as it turned out, migrants from other States of the European Union charged with crimes - normally major crimes, not petty crimes.
The larger the Auswärtige Amt, the Foreign Office or the Quai d'Orsay, the more pronounced this tendency is. Baroness Ashton, you will undoubtedly receive broad support from Parliament if you say to these people that, although you respect their unilateral interests, the common European foreign policy cannot take the same direction.
The largest democracy in the world today demonstrates paradoxes and asymmetries that have apparently slotted relatively easily into its many thousands of years of history.
The largest group of workers who contact this centre, not only from Berlin but from throughout Germany, are nurses who are employed as domestic workers, sometimes in appalling and highly precarious working conditions.
The last few months have also highlighted the fact that protection of our common values, non-discrimination and human rights also need protection and resources, that we need to simplify the use of resources for the management of extraordinary situations, and that we need our own resources to create a better, stronger and more extensive Europe in the coming period.
The last issue I would like to refer to is the transparency of EU beneficiary funds. I have been questioning the Commission about this for a year and I will continue to do so. We need transparency in all EU beneficiary funds, and I would draw attention here to the national companies which benefit from and use such funds.
The last open question of the negotiations was related to the correlation tables.
The last stages of the war were especially bloody and thousands died in its last few months.
The last two years have involved many retrograde steps and blocks to progress in the country.
The last word of thanks goes to Ms Enikő Győri. She said many times that she wanted to lead a parliament-friendly Presidency. I think she has proved it with her frequent presence in this House. I would also like to thank her for her excellent cooperation with the Commission.
The latest development is that these large established fraudulent set-ups are now operating across borders and it then becomes almost impossible for individual small businesses to receive justice.
The latest implementation report, drafted jointly by the Commission, the IMF and the ECB in March, concluded that the programme has made further progress towards its objectives.
The latter is an example of this development, based on digital communications, as its speed of traffic and the respective broadband coverage make it the world leader.
The latter is not self-sufficient, and is additionally faced with the domination of the Chinese, Indian and Brazilian economies, which are developing extraordinarily rapidly.
The latter represents a key piece of information for the consumer before a product is purchased.
The latter should be promoted by the EU in its relations with other countries and should involve consistent action between the two dimensions, internal and external.
The lawyers of the accused received several warnings from the Ministry of Justice and some of them have been disbarred. I consider that this conduct of the trials lacked impartiality.
The leadership there should avoid, in its approaches to the opposition and peaceful protestors, any similarity with the regimes in North Africa, Russia or Belarus.
The left wing simply has to accept that this decision cannot be changed either in Brussels, or in Strasbourg.
The legal base is also questionable, as the European Parliament's legal opinion, dated 1 April 2009, shows: 'It seems virtually impossible to justify the ban on the sole basis of animal well-being, since the Treaty contains no legal basis on animal well-being'. The protection of the species, for its part, is not at stake, its population having even tripled in Greenland over 25 years.
The legal instrument that is to be abolished relates to the conditions for accepting the evidence of origin of certain textiles and textile products originating in third countries.
The legal personality conferred on the EU by the Treaty of Lisbon, according to which the European Union should speak with one voice, strengthens its capacity for involvement, as an authorised voice, in the various international organisations where questions of foreign security and defence policy are debated.
The legal protection offered by the bilateral investment treaties (BITs) is important in ensuring that businesses are encouraged to take the step of investing abroad, which can cost many millions.
The legislation being repealed in this case concerns the conditions of acceptance of proof of origin for certain textile products originating in third countries, which established specific requirements by applying quantitative restrictions.
The legislative measures should be accompanied by adequate training for officials in charge of enforcing the rules, as I said.
The legislative proposal codifies the existing texts and creates a legislative act which is easier to understand and more accessible.
The legislative proposals on governance adopted by the Commission in September 2010 will have to be examined carefully and improved by Parliament, in view of their fundamental role for the future of the EU and, in particular, in the euro area.
The lesser the voters' support behind a politician, the more he refers to citizens. I believe that we, who enjoy the support of a greater political force, likewise represent citizens' interests, and this is the reason why we say: do not hurt the agricultural policy and cohesion!
The letter says that Her Majesty's Government is disappointed by the draft SURE report.
The level of success in recovering unpaid debts is remarkably low.
The levying of a charge on heavy goods vehicles is a measure which penalises the outlying countries of the EU while, at the same time, providing additional revenue for the countries of central Europe.
The levying of a charge on heavy goods vehicles is a measure which penalises the outlying countries of the EU, such as Greece, Italy, Spain and Portugal.
The liberalisation of trade relations will bring mutual benefits for business actors and will create more favourable investment conditions.
The limits set for the stage which has just begun are much stricter than those for the previous stages.
The list could go on to include media censorship, keeping the nation in poverty, unlawful arrests, disappearances and torture.
The list now comprises 175 individuals - which should be compared to the 40 names put forward for an asset freeze and visa ban after the 2006 elections - and we stand ready to include further names, as warranted by developments.
The list of products covered is extensive, comprising: silk; wool; cotton; other vegetable textile fibres; man-made or artificial filaments; felt and non-woven materials; carpets and other textile floor coverings; special woven fabrics, lace, upholstery and embroidery; knitted or crocheted fabrics; and articles of apparel and clothing accessories.
The list of products covered is extensive, comprising: silk; wool; cotton; other vegetable textile fibres; man-made or artificial filaments; felt and non-woven materials; carpets and other textile floor coverings; special woven fabrics, lace, upholstery and embroidery; knitted or crocheted fabrics; articles of apparel and clothing accessories; and many others.
The list of purchases is very broad, from tickets (32%), clothes, shoes and accessories (also 32%), to electrical appliances (23%).
The local authorities in Spain should do far more to take on such tricksters and prosecute those involved in fraudulent behaviour.
The logic behind Schengen is unchanged: ever more efficient management of the external border is the precondition for travelling without border controls within the Schengen zone.
The long-standing wishes of producers are focused on naming and labelling.
The low public debt credit rating has made it impossible, therefore, to obtain loans to pay back the debt. I think that a European credit rating agency is required, which will move away from financial speculation.
The main aim of farmers is to ensure the health and productivity of their livestock, and it is through employing good agricultural practices that they achieve it.
The main aim of the INDECT project (Intelligent information system supporting observation, searching and detection for security of citizens in urban environment), which is implemented by the AGH University of Science and Technology in Kraków, is the development of research into information technologies which increase the safety of citizens of urban areas.
The main aims of the radio spectrum policy programme are broadband access for the entire EU by 2013 and fast Internet connections by 2020.
The main challenge for the international activities of the GNSS Programmes will be to ensure the compatibility and interoperability with Galileo, to access global GNSS-related resources and set worldwide standards, to ensure security of the space segment and network of ground stations, while ensuring a stricter control of sensitive GNSS technologies developed with European funding, and to join in an international effort to develop innovative applications and specialised applications of supra-regional interest.
The main concerns regard the management of procurement procedures and criteria used for recruiting staff. I therefore add my voice to the request for information made to the Agency, in which the Agency is also urged to inform the discharge authority, by 30 June 2011, of the measures taken and improvements achieved regarding all these worrying issues.
The main demand formulated in the report in order to achieve this objective is for common rules on management and application to be adopted within the general framework of cohesion policy and with the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development and the European Fisheries Fund.
The main elements of this intend to give answers to the problems identified as the result of the review of the Small Business Act.
The main factors which contributed to the failure are double standards and a tendency to think in military terms.
The main idea in the report is that we in the EU are now going through an economic crisis.
The main issue, however, lies elsewhere: unless the political nature of the European project is clarified, we will be incapable of dealing with our problems.
The main objective of the Agreement is to minimise the duplication of assessments, tests and controls, unless these reflect significant regulatory differences, and to enable both the EU and Canada to rely on each other's certification systems.
The main objective of the common agricultural policy (CAP), enshrined in Article 39 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, is 'to increase agricultural productivity by promoting technical progress and by ensuring the rational development of agricultural production and the optimum utilisation of the factors of production, in particular labour'. I am voting for this report because I believe that it contains measures that strengthen and guarantee the post-2013 CAP's sustainability whilst also contributing to achieving the objectives enshrined in the Europe 2020 strategy, and that it takes into account the clear differences between new and old Member States. I consider it crucial that the CAP foster the development of safe and healthy foodstuffs, intended, not just for the general public, but also for the food industry in particular.
The main objective of the resolution adopted today is to remove the dependence on external credit ratings from the whole system, as far and as soon as is feasibly possible.
The main objective of these treaties is to provide a high level of protection for investments and investors against arbitrary actions of governments of states receiving the investment.
The main obstacle making it significantly more difficult for European businesses to gain access to the Japanese market is non-tariff barriers.
The main opposition Internet information site has had its access blocked by the judicial authorities, while access to refugee camps is still currently extremely restricted, including for the United Nations.
The main point of this report is that the European Union must do its utmost to stay at the top of the research, innovation and science sectors.
The main points of the report, which is based on maintaining current funding levels, provide for new and reasonable criteria for allocating funding, since the historical criterion has been abandoned as the parameter for redistributing direct payments.
The main points which exceed the authority of national forestry policy and weaken the forests in economic terms are the provisions concerning timber supplies within Europe.
The main problem is that the Member States are not implementing the inspection requirements properly.
The main reason behind this is that these Member States do not have a research background infrastructure that would make it possible for them to meet the excellence-based criteria.
The main strategic goal of the European Central Bank (ECB) is to maintain price stability in the EU, thus making a key contribution to resolving the economic and financial difficulties that the Member States are experiencing.
The main task of the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction (EMCDDA) is to collect data on drugs and drug addiction in order to prepare and publish objective, reliable and comparable information at European level.
The main thrust of this report shows the need for a cross-cutting approach, promoting innovation in all areas of business, the economy and society in general.
The major problem which is preventing us from making progress with debt restructuring is that the banking system, as Mrs Ford has also said, has not been properly reformed.
The major tasks ahead of us are ecological transformation and the establishment of intelligent energy networks.
The majority in Parliament is seeking to consolidate a path and a policy that goes over the heads of the organs of national sovereignty and the sovereignty of the peoples, presenting the EU as having a legitimacy that only the Member States and their peoples have, however much it costs them.
The majority of European citizens are employees, and during this time of economic crisis they are becoming caught up too often in insolvency proceedings as the companies they work for go bankrupt.
The majority of Parliament supports the simplification of the existing regulatory framework, which encourages innovation in the textile and clothing sector, whilst allowing fibre users and consumers to benefit more readily from innovative products.
The majority of my group will also be endorsing this agreement, as it represents the first steps towards actually introducing the 'polluter pays' principle, and it does so in an intelligent way.
The majority of these domestic workers are women and immigrants, who are easier to exploit and underpay.
The management, staff and governance structure of the new ECRF would be fully independent and autonomous. I welcome the proposal that CRAs' exposure to civil liability in the event of gross negligence or misconduct be defined on a consistent basis across the EU. Furthermore, there is a need to increase supervisors' responsibilities, capacity, powers and resources for monitoring, assessing and overseeing the adequacy of the internal models, for imposing prudential measures and conducting investigations and inspections.
The manner of the response to the EHEC outbreak in northern Germany raises important questions.
The market must take the increase in prices, and this is what the Commission must focus on in the CFP reform.
The markets and investors are vigilant, and they would like to see whether we can deliver the agreement in the coming days or not. I believe it is essential for us to do so. In addition, this package could demonstrate how European institutions can cooperate in a responsible, efficient and constructive manner in such an important field.
The mass migration of people from North Africa was foreseeable some months ago, and France and Italy should have reacted immediately, together with the Commission.
The maximum distance of 150 kilometres should be removed to enable many regions such as, for example, the Balearic Islands to access cross-border cooperation.
The measures advocated in the first radio spectrum policy programme are vital for reducing the digital divide and offering rapid, reliable telecommunications services in rural and isolated areas with a view to revitalising them.
The measures available range from interest-bearing deposits to the charging of fines, and so slot perfectly into the punitive philosophy of the package as a whole, with which I disagree.
The measures for coordination and surveillance that ensure respect for budgetary discipline will be reinforced. I voted for this proposal for a legislative amendment, since I believe it is crucial for the recovery of public confidence in the institutions and for sustainable growth in the EU that these measures be implemented as soon as possible.
The measures proposed by this resolution on providing more information to vets and farmers must be implemented as vigorously as possible.
The measures put to the vote today seek to strengthen the instruments that are not working, and therefore it is essential that they are put into practice.
The measures which have been proposed centre mainly around stronger coordination of the fiscal policy of individual Member States and tougher and automatic sanctions intended to force Member States to maintain greater macroeconomic discipline.
The mechanism in question has led to multinational companies suing countries for their policies on health and environment - and your governments, too, will be affected by this.
The meeting of the EU-Ukraine Cooperation Council which is taking place in the course of the next few weeks will give us the opportunity to discuss numerous issues that are important for our relationship and to send clear signals to Ukraine which are the same as those that you are sending about the importance of reform in this area.
The meeting of this parliamentary assembly in Strasbourg today marks the 220th anniversary of the adoption of the 3 May Constitution, the first constitution in Europe.'
The members of this network have significant experience, not only of working in the field, but also of organising cultural activities with appropriate distance from the governments, which is crucial in this sector.
The merging of the lists of lobbyists registered at the Parliament and the Commission represents a first step towards compiling an exhaustive register of the lobbies active in Brussels and, subsequently, towards greater citizen access to democratic checks and balances in the decision-making process. I have, however, fought to prevent the offices representing local authorities at the European institutions from being affected by this measure.
The message given by the European Parliament should be clear - the benefits of economic cooperation with the European Union must not obscure expectations regarding the need to move towards European standards of respect for fundamental human rights, in particular, free speech and freedom of the press, which are a pillar of democracy and without which it is impossible for a modern democratic society to exist.
The message has been extremely muddled and fraught with consequences, including for Spanish producers, but not just for them, since others have been affected too.
The message sent out by the Greek Communist Party from the rock of the Acropolis echoes more topically than ever today: 'Nations of Europe arise.
The message that this Parliament gave was clear: that there is a serious problem with fraudulent practices by misleading business directories, that tens of thousands of our small businesses, voluntary organisations, and even charities, are falling victim to these fraudulent practices, and that we need a concerted approach to stop once and for all such deceptive practices.
The method also needs to be developed in line with the banks' various business models and structures, so the stress tests need to be able to provide the information needed to take appropriate action.
The microfinance facility itself, although it is very small, plays a really important role in ensuring access to credit for micro-enterprises in the social economy and it is crucial, now that financial institutions are not lending money.
The migration package is completed by proposals for a common, efficient and protective asylum system which guarantees asylum seekers equal treatment across the European Union. I am confident that Parliament and the Council will endorse the proposals set out in the Commission's reviewed proposals on minimum standards for the reception of asylum seekers and on refugee status. I will call on the European Council to lend its support to the completion of the entirety of the asylum package as quickly as possible within the agreed deadline.
The migration problem that we are facing in Italy and throughout Europe absolutely cannot be reduced to just the humanitarian emergency, even though that is the most urgent situation to deal with.
The militarisation of the EU is not in the interest of any of its peoples.
The military operations being carried out by the Sudanese Government and the militia in Abyei mark a serious violation of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement. I sincerely believe that we are all definite about one thing: any escalation of violence must be avoided, as it could result in further human casualties.
The milk crisis made it clear that measures to restrict production are needed in the milk sector.
The million dollar question for both the Commission and this Parliament is whether to insist that Japan continues to make progress in tackling these non-tariff barriers before we open negotiations, or to open negotiations in the hope that, by doing so, we will encourage Japan to reduce its non-tariff barriers.
The minimum standards for suspects and accused persons, which are under implementation, are very important because they also apply to the European Arrest Warrant.
The ministers of the Weimar initiative have raised this in a letter to you, Mrs Ashton.
The misleading business practices in question typically consist of luring businesses, as well as professionals and non-profit entities, into being listed in a business directory free of charge.
The misleading trading practices used by publishers of business directories chiefly affect small businesses, and so have substantial negative consequences for the sustainability and development of the economy.
The mismatch between young people's qualifications and the needs of the labour market is one of the reasons why Lithuania has such a terribly high rate of youth unemployment (34%). In 2010, 52% of all unemployed young people (50 000) who registered with the Lithuanian Labour Exchange did not have any vocational training.
The mobility of European citizens within the Union, the freedom to travel, is one of the key European freedoms, and any restriction would undermine one of the most tangible benefits our citizens have obtained from closer European integration.
The mobility of students in secondary education is no less important, and programmes such as Comenius should be better promoted in the Member States.
The modern information society and the scarcity of frequency bands make strategic planning and harmonisation of the use of the spectrum essential.
The money that European taxpayers provide has to be used more effectively and bring European added value to the Member States.
The more than 500 million European citizens and their businesses must have the right to effective enforcement of judgments.
The more we know about a given sector, the better our decision making with regard to it will be. Moreover, and despite the creation of the Impact Assessment Board (IAB), created by the European Commission, and the positive results already achieved, I also believe it is crucial to create an autonomous IA structure for the European Parliament.
The most effective way to achieve European goals in relation to sustainable development and environmental policies is through full cooperation across all Member States.
The most effective way we can promote development is to enable people to help themselves. I therefore welcome the abolition of customs barriers - no matter how temporary - and I am confident that this transitional period will allow us to evaluate the process proposed by the Commission.
The most important and trickiest point, for me, was earmarking.
The most important aspect with regard to this data is the quantity of data.
The most important detail in the budget, however, is the additional EUR 1.3 billion that is required for the International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor (ITER) project.
The most important effect of the agreement is the creation of 230 crew jobs for Seychelles population, 2 900 jobs in Seychelles and 760 induced jobs in Europe in areas related to the sector, which will without doubt contribute to economic improvement in the sector.
The most important message of our debate today for Member States must be that Romania and Bulgaria meet the same accession criteria that the European Union expected from countries that have joined so far.
The most important of the measures proposed is the development of objective competence criteria to assess the suitability of candidates for controlled roles, taking into account the nature, complexity and size of the financial institution. I would like to align myself with this package of measures by voting for it, in the hope that the measures tabled by the Commission, and now by Parliament, will be sufficient to prevent the recurrence of situations like the one which we experienced in autumn 2008, and which is still being seen in the daily lives of the Portuguese people.
The most important thing for us is that young entrepreneurs with small and medium-sized businesses should not regard different forms of enterprise as losers but as winners.
The most important thing now is to continue forward, to implement the 'polluter pays' principle regarding the collection of road tax.
The most important thing that needs to be discussed by the Commission and the parties concerned should therefore be the need to inject some confidence in the Greek people, without which no measures can be adopted at all.
The most important thing to stress is that this is 'the one policy area of external action [...] which has not been designed to serve EU interests, but to defend the interests of the most marginalised and vulnerable populations of this planet'. As such, Parliament should take on a more important role, not just because of the various ways that this confers democratic legitimacy, but also because of what it can offer in material and procedural terms.
The most important thing, however, is to progress towards economic governance with strong preventive and corrective parts, so as to avoid such sanctions.
The most important word in any discussion on this subject is 'caution'. It is not antibiotics which are bad, but their uncalculated and immoderate use is dangerous.
The most obvious obstacles which consumers and small and medium-sized enterprises face with regard to the Single Market are complex contractual relations, unfair terms and conditions in contracts, inadequate and insufficient information, time-consuming procedures, language barriers, different taxation systems, reliability of online traders, demographic composition of the population of individual Member States, concerns regarding confidentiality, complaint handling and intellectual property rights.
The most recent stress tests focused on the hard capital ratios, but the liquidity criteria should also have been included.
The most stupefying fact is that there are people still in prison today, some of them serving final prison sentences and some under preliminary detention, who were leading figures of the anti-government protests.
The most worrying thing is that such illegal tactics are being used under the very noses of the authorities of several Member States, who are well aware of these practices and have not taken any action to stop them.
The motion contains useful ideas and should surely be seen in a positive light, yet I am convinced that we need to provide adequate financial resources in order to properly tackle the challenges posed by the Copenhagen Process and the EU 2020 strategy, for instance through the Structural Funds and, in particular, through the European Social Fund.
The motion for a resolution by the UK socialist MEP, Mary Honeyball, seeks to reduce the role of the mother and father of a child to that of equal partners in the State education system.
The motion for a resolution shows clearly that there are still serious shortcomings over fulfilment of the relevant provisions of the Treaty of Lisbon.
The motion will be presented on behalf of the ALDE Group by Sylvie Goulard.
The much-needed improvements on the Commission's original proposals that were elaborated in the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and voted through there - particularly in Mrs Ferreira's report - have been largely removed again and toned down under pressure from the Council.
The multiannual work programme will contribute to regional cooperation and to the sharing of resources under the deployment plans, something which will improve cost effectiveness. I welcome the decision of the Court of Auditors to grant discharge, and it is clear that the Committee on Fisheries, which accepted an Opinion from me on this issue, is of the same mind.
The multifaceted crisis that we are facing requires a new economic, social, energy and environmental rationale, as well as the defence of each country's right to produce sustainably: free trade, one of the pillars of neoliberalism, clearly makes this unviable.
The multilateral trade system, based on rules and established through the World Trade Organisation (WTO), remains the most suitable means of regulating and promoting open and fair trade.
The multilateral trading system, embodied by the World Trade Organisation, remains by far the most effective framework for achieving open and fair trade worldwide. I believe that the European Union and Japan should contribute towards the successful conclusion of the Doha Development Agenda negotiations.
The mutual recognition of education and training is the first step in the right direction.
The naked truth is that we are in retreat and in defensive mode in the southern neighbourhood and the eastern neighbourhood.
The national budgetary frameworks should include the establishment and strengthening of the role of independent fiscal bodies and ensure the publication of transparent fiscal statistics.
The national budgets are mainly about social transfers; the European budget is mainly about investment and therefore could have a multiplying effect on jobs and growth and when we see the proposal for 2012, what is growing, with competitiveness, is cohesion, that is structural funding, and research and development; the other category of growing expenses is on migration.
The national representatives will be members of a consultative group for the SBA which will help to assess and disseminate information concerning the measures taken to support SMEs.
The natural disaster suffered by the people of Pakistan last August touched all of us and deserves the solidarity of the European Union.
The natural family is the ideal place for a child to grow up and develop, and, once again, allowing parents an adequate amount of leave may help to reduce the demand for places in childcare facilities.
The nature of these industries is twofold: from an economic perspective, they help generate jobs and growth, and from a cultural perspective, they facilitate the social integration of citizens.
The necessary solidarity with Pakistan must be genuine aid based on development aid and cooperation policy.
The need for a single Internal Market is critical if Europe is to become a leading player in the global economy, with a focus on the service sector and the knowledge economy, but, at the same time, the Digital Agenda and the digital economy can serve as a spearhead for realising the Internal Market for all parts of our economy.
The need for an adequately-financed CAP, which delivers public goods, such as a secure and sustainable food supply for the EU, which ensures a stable food price regime both at the farm gate and on the shop shelves and which underpins a vibrant rural economy, is as important now as ever, especially in the light of the recent rise in energy prices and instability in certain regions of the globe.
The need for countries to draw together and for the bond between peoples to continue to grow stronger becomes more apparent than ever when we consider that 37.5% of the European population lives in border regions.
The need for greater flexibility in the use of funds and for an administrative culture that promotes a multidisciplinary approach and simpler fund administration is vital for establishing a common strategic framework for the Structural Funds.
The need for simplification is absolutely vital. I was pleased to hear the Commissioner saying that we are moving to a user-friendly financial regulation.
The need for these accounts arises because of the crucial functions the environment has in terms of economic performance and ensuring the welfare of the European Union's citizens.
The need for unanimity is paralysing us. It no longer works with 27 Member States.
The need to avoid wasting resources, which is ever more pressing in the times of serious crisis that we are experiencing, makes it advisable to seek to take the most advantage possible of the synergies resulting from the resources made available by the Structural Funds, and to avoid wasting opportunities due to excessive leakage.
The need to develop additional indicators for measuring medium- and long-term economic and social progress is highly urgent. I voted in favour.
The need to improve data and indicators to complement GDP as part of assessing society's overall development is increasingly recognised by all international institutions.
The negative elements are in the implementation.
The negative results of the mid-term review mean that we need to amend its priorities. I therefore agree on rewording the main objectives and stress the need for a more efficient research policy that cuts out the burden of red tape and provides for greater participation from small and medium-sized enterprises, as well as innovation and funding integration.
The negotiation and conclusion of fisheries partnership agreements is in line with the EU's general objective of maintaining and preserving the activities of its fishing fleet. I am voting for the adoption of the protocol on the Fisheries Partnership Agreement between the EU and the Democratic Republic of São Tomé and Príncipe as this relates to the development of relations with a third country in a spirit of partnership and cooperation, with a view to reinforcing sustainable fishing outside Union waters while taking due account of environmental, social and economic factors.
The negotiation and signing of fisheries agreements is in line with the EU's general objective of maintaining and preserving the activities of its fishing fleet, including the open-sea fleet, as also with the development of relations with third countries in a spirit of partnership and cooperation, with a view to reinforcing sustainable fishing outside Union waters while taking due account of environmental, social and economic factors.
The negotiation and signing of fisheries partnership agreements is in line with the EU's general objective of maintaining and preserving the activities of its fishing fleet, particularly the long-distance fleet, so the conclusion of this document is crucial to pursuing the foreign policy objectives of the common fisheries policy.
The negotiations between the EU and India for the conclusion of an FTA have developed significantly.
The negotiations between the European Parliament and the Commission in relation to the transparency register are a success and we have now produced an excellent result. I would like to underline once again that it is good that we have found clear regulations for the local and regional authorities, and even for churches, that reflect their interests.
The negotiations have led to a few minor positive results - I am thinking of interoperability and mini-hire marketing in mountain areas - but the overall outcome is unsatisfactory. I think a possible conciliation procedure would be the best way to smooth off the sharp edges that still remain unresolved.
The negotiations on the Seventh Framework Programme took place in 2006 and cover - I repeat - the period 2007-2013.
The negotiations with Japan, aimed at strengthening trade relations, cannot be used as a class weapon in the service of big financial institutions and companies, promoting the increased exploitation of workers and peoples, the destruction of their productive strength, and the destruction of the environment.
The neoliberal guidelines and policies implemented by the EU have endangered social progress and inflicted severe blows on Europe's peoples.
The networks are in daily contact and allow for the timely exchange of information, laying the ground for rapid action.
The new CAP needs to effectively target the areas of inefficiency by incentivising new practices.
The new Eurovignette Directive, which is intended to encourage the implementation of harmonised charging systems in the Member States in order to improve the efficiency and environmental performance of heavy goods vehicles, will end up penalising certain peripheral Member States, such as Italy, which are countries of departure or destination of goods.
The new Hungarian constitution also supports efforts to establish the collective, ethnically-based self-government of Hungarian minorities living abroad.
The new Hungarian constitution does not restrict the rights of same-sex people.
The new Hungarian constitution has no competence beyond the country's geographical area and provides unparalleled, strong legal protection for the nationalities within its area.
The new Hungarian constitution is an important instrument for clearing away the ruins left by eight years of corrupt and inept Socialist governance.
The new Japanese Government has demonstrated - at least verbally - its willingness to open up its market, one of the most closed markets in the developed world.
The new Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF) is crucial in order for the Europe 2020 strategy to be properly realised and, in general terms, to be able to provide the conditions for robust development which can respond both to the problems that Europe's various peoples are experiencing and to their expectations of improvement in their lives.
The new Multiannual Financial Framework is extremely significant because the European Union's future will, to a great extent, depend on it. The debate on the financial perspective is not an easy one because many Member States are feeling the effects of the economic crisis.
The new Multiannual Financial Framework of the European Union must be established at Community level and national development programmes should be adjusted to each other in a way that they result in an optimal implementation of the Europe 2020 strategy by creating the necessary synergies.
The new Parliamentary powers established by the Treaty bring with them new responsibilities to ensure that Parliament and its responsible committee are well informed about the preparation of the agreements to which it will subsequently be asked to give its consent.
The new Partnership and Cooperation Agreement must be comprehensive and legally binding and also include provisions on respect for human rights and the rule of law. I think that the Partnership for Modernisation is a suitable instrument for encouraging Russia to carry out reforms.
The new Protocol will stay in force from 2011 till 2014 and is in line with the objectives of the Fisheries Partnership Agreement aiming at strengthening the cooperation between the European Union and the Republic of Seychelles.
The new budget should also promote increased energy efficiency and support the construction of future infrastructure, energy infrastructure in particular, thereby creating the necessary conditions for European industry to be competitive.
The new cohesion policy must be clearly results-oriented and specify the necessary reforms, while at the same time reducing the constraints imposed by red tape and simplifying the management of the funds.
The new constitution raises questions on an international level.
The new directive lays down aspects that are intended to give greater protection to the European consumer, such as the information to be contained in sale contracts, delivery times, the right of withdrawal, and the right to repair or replacement of a defective product, as well as the cases in which the risk is transferred from the vendor to the consumer.
The new draft rescue package of EUR 60 billion envisaged last Friday demonstrates that the EUR 110 billion loan already granted a year ago must be considered a gift.
The new fisheries agreement between the European Community and the Republic of Seychelles will be valid for a period of three years and will facilitate the creation of jobs, sustainable exploitation of maritime resources and responsible fishing, based on the principle of non-discrimination between the different fleets fishing in the zone.
The new fishing agreement between the European Union and the Democratic Republic of São Tomé and Príncipe will be valid for a period of three years and will reinforce sustainable fishing outside Union waters while taking due account of environmental, social and economic factors.
The new food epidemic illustrates that the EU neither can nor will protect human life and public health because, as a transnational union of monopolies, it has promised to serve and protect the profits of capital, not the lives of the workers.
The new food scandal, with the emergence of a new, hyper-toxic bacterium which has already caused dozens of deaths and serious damage to the health of thousands of workers, adds to the long, seemingly endless list of food scandals in the EU. This is, in fact, a crime by international companies, which are poisoning the food chain and sacrificing human life and the health of the workers in order to increase their profits.
The new instrument must primarily fund measures which fulfil the criteria for ODA (Official Development Assistance) as defined by the OECD Development Assistance Committee.
The new legislation stipulates what kind of information the purchaser must receive from the seller, the delivery terms and the rules applied when the risk lies with the purchaser, not to mention the latter's right to cancel or refuse purchases or the right to have an item repaired or replaced.
The new name - transparency register - makes it easier for non-commercial organisations to join the register.
The new package attempts to prevent this and to lay a new foundation. I am in favour of this package, even though I consider it rather half-hearted in view of the problems that I have just outlined.
The new policy must be characterised by greater flexibility, proportionality and visibility in the use of the funds.
The new programme and the new seven-year framework are based on actions in the EU 2020 strategy and are designed to help Europe to recover from the crisis, by promoting smart, sustainable and inclusive growth.
The new protocol covers a period of three years from adoption of the Council decision on the signing and provisional application of the protocol, and after expiry of the current protocol on 17 January 2011.
The new protocol is in keeping with the aims of the Fisheries Partnership Agreement which seeks to strengthen cooperation between the EU and Seychelles, and to promote a framework for partnership to facilitate the development of a sustainable fisheries policy and responsible exploitation of fishery resources in the Seychelles' fishing zone, in the interests of both parties.
The new protocol is seen as beneficial to both parties, and it can enhance the stability of the European tuna sector in particular. I hope that the people of São Tomé and Príncipe, with which Portugal shares its history and language, will receive tangible benefits as a result of the fair application of the FPA, and that they can diversify their activities and see real progress and development. I hope that the joint committee will meet more regularly so that both parties can monitor the application of the agreement at close hand.
The new protocol provides for a financial contribution for access to the exclusive economic zone (EEZ) of São Tomé and Príncipe equivalent to fishing opportunities at a value of EUR 2 047 500 over a three-year period.
The new protocol provides for more fishing opportunities for European fleets and has resulted in the creation of jobs both in Seychelles and in Europe. I hope that the cases of piracy that have occurred in this region will not negatively affect this activity.
The new protocol was signed on 13 May 2011 and the request for consent was forwarded to Parliament by the Council on the same day. I absolutely agree with the rapporteur.
The new provisions of the common security and defence policy (CSDP) introduced by the Treaty of Lisbon provide a clearer legal framework for reinforcing the implementation of foreign and security policy, drawing upon all the instruments available to the EU and its Member States, to prevent and manage crises and conflicts, and to build lasting peace.
The new register, as proposed, safeguards transparency across the broad spectrum of institutional contacts and concentrates representatives of special interests, representatives of civil society and representatives of the public authorities in separate chapters, thereby distinguishing between the different roles of interest groups and official institutional spokesmen.
The new regulation on macroeconomic surveillance should deal with these two problems.
The new report, which was adopted almost unanimously by the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, affirms the new direction that we would like the common agricultural policy to take in the coming years.
The new rules approved by the EP today will give a real boost to consumers' rights across Europe.
The new rules will also bring real improvements for passengers buying transport tickets online.
The new system should also make it possible to replace obsolete fleets through the use of reduced rates for external costs when investing in environmentally friendly vehicles.
The new text simplifies the Rule by taking out references to other Rules and by better regulating the standard procedure by which two committees can come together in a joint session to discuss important subjects that reflect mutual interests.
The newly established Euronest assembly should serve as an instrument of exchange and cooperation.
The next MFF should strike the right balance between stability, medium-term predictability and flexibility, a principle which should remain at its core.
The next financial perspective must be about jobs and growth if it is to be relevant to citizens.
The next important matter is that I cannot possibly justify to the public the fact that every three weeks we change our place of work.
The next item is Question Time (B7-0407/2011).
The next item is the Commission statement on the selection process of a new Managing Director for the IMF and external representation of the euro.
The next item is the Council and Commission statements on migration flows and asylum and their impact on Schengen.
The next item is the continuation of the debate on the Council and Commission statements on the preparations for the European Council meeting of 23-24 June 2011.
The next item is the debate on five motions for resolution on Ukraine: the cases of Yulia Tymoshenko and other members of the former government.
The next item is the debate on prevention and correction of macroeconomic imbalances; excessive deficit procedure; requirements for budgetary frameworks of Member States; budgetary surveillance in the euro area; surveillance of budgetary positions and surveillance and coordination of economic policies; and enforcement measures to correct excessive macroeconomic imbalances in the euro area.
The next item is the debate on six motions for resolution on Guantánamo: imminent death penalty decision.
The next item is the debate on the oral question to the Commission on EU-Japan trade relations by Daniel Caspary and Jarosław Leszek Wałęsa, on behalf of the PPE Group, Syed Kamall, Robert Sturdy and Jan Zahradil, on behalf of the ECR Group, Niccolò Rinaldi, Metin Kazak and Marielle De Sarnez, on behalf of the ALDE Group, and Emilio Menéndez del Valle, David Martin and Vital Moreira, on behalf of the S&D Group (O-000088/2011/rév.1 - B7-0220/2011).
The next item is the debate on the oral question to the Commission on antibiotic resistance, by Paolo De Castro, on behalf of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development - B7-0304/2011).
The next item is the debate on the oral question to the Commission on the ILO Convention supplemented by a recommendation on domestic workers, by Pervenche Berès, on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs - B7-0305/2011).
The next item is the debate on the question to the Commission on EU-Canada trade relations, by Vital Moreira, on behalf of the Committee on International Trade - B7-0213/2011).
The next item is the declaration by the Vice-President of the Commission and EU High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy on Sudan and South Sudan (2011/2717 [RSP]).
The next item is the joint debate on:
The next item is the oral question to the Commission by Erminia Mazzoni and Malcolm Harbour, on behalf of the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection, on misleading business directories (Ο-000087/2011 - Β7-0315/2011).
The next item is the oral questions to the Council and the Commission on the European Arrest Warrant.
The next item is the recommendation for second reading by Mr Manders on behalf of the Committee on Internal Market and Consumer Protection on the Council position at first reading with a view to the adoption of a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on textile fibre names and related labelling and marking of fibre composition of textile products and repealing Council Directive 73/44/EEC, Directive 96/73/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council and Directive 2008/121/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council (13807/4/2010 - C7-0017/2011 -.
The next item is the recommendation for second reading, on behalf of the Committee on Transport and Tourism, on the Council position at first reading with a view to the adoption of a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Directive 1999/62/EC on the charging of heavy goods vehicles for the use of certain infrastructures (15145/1/2010 - C7-0045/2011 - (rapporteur: Mr El Khadraoui).
The next item is the report by Bas Eickhout, on behalf of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety, on the analysis of options to move beyond 20% greenhouse gas emissions and assessing the risk of carbon leakage.
The next item is the report by Carl Schlyter, on behalf of the Committee on International Trade, on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing transitional arrangements for bilateral investment agreements between Member States and third countries
The next item is the report by Kriton Arsenis, on behalf of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety, on the Commission Green Paper on forest protection and information in the EU: preparing forests for climate change.
The next item is the report by Mr Coelho, on behalf of the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs, on the draft Council decision on application of all the provisions of the Schengen acquis in Bulgaria and Romania (1412/2010 - C7-0369/2010 - 2010/0820(NLE).
The next item is the report by Mr Dess, on behalf of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, on the CAP towards 2020: meeting the food, natural resources and territorial challenges of the future.
The next item is the report by Mr Klinz, on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, on credit rating agencies: future perspectives.
The next item is the report by Mr Leinen, on behalf of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety, on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on European environmental economic accounts - C7-0092/2010 -.
The next item is the report by Mr Mitchell, on behalf of the Committee on Development, on Regulation (EC) No 1905/2006 establishing a financing instrument for development cooperation: lessons learned and perspectives for the future.
The next item is the report by Mrs Merkies, on behalf of the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy, on Innovation Union: transforming Europe for a post-crisis world.
The next item is the report by Mrs Wallis, on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs, on policy options for progress towards a European contract law for consumers and businesses.
The next item is the vote.
The next most important aspect is the time it takes for it to be transmitted, the strength with which it is transmitted in order also to enable coexistence here, and, finally, the priorities that are established by means of the software.
The next review is scheduled for this month.
The next step should then be effective regulation of the financial sector.
The next step will be to provide the EU with a budget based on 'own resources' in order to curtail our reliance on the 'bad' will of States.
The next steps should be for all institutions to be included, for the register to be made mandatory and, like the approach taken in some Scandinavian countries, for this to be supplemented by a form of informant protection for whistleblowers, who are also extremely important for openness and transparency.
The notion of transparency is crucial to European Union policy and it must be extended to cover all interest groups that participate in its operation.
The nuclear industry, more than others, must understand that transparency is crucial for all these issues concerning safety - you definitely repeated the word more than ten times, Commissioner - as is the independence of both the operators and the state supervisory authorities, with the appointment of independent experts, and we are still not satisfied on this matter.
The nuclear safety regulators in many of the Member States are not technically responsible for this area and referred the Commission to the responsibilities of the secret service, the police, the air force, the army and the domestic authorities.
The nuclear stress tests should not only help the Commission revise the safety directive, but should also be included in the Commission report on the external dimension of energy policy which will soon be published.
The number of indicators is expected to be quite large, but they should focus mainly on the factors relevant to macroeconomic imbalances. I agree with the possibility of calling for structural reforms in surplus countries, but most attention should be given to deficit countries.
The number of seizures decreased for all drugs except heroin when compared to the previous year and, in general, progress has been made in combating drug abuse.
The numerous inspections and audits mean that formal questions related to the implementation of programmes have become the highest priority, and are a hindrance to the effective and efficient use of aid.
The objective advocated in this report is clear: the creation of a single strategic framework for the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF) and the other Structural Funds, particularly the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development (EAFRD) and the European Fisheries Fund (EFF), for the next financing period after 2013, along with its coordination with other instruments of the external aspects of EU policy.
The objective is to adopt a new clearly defined and quantifiable measuring system based on reliable, accurate data, but the Commission's communication does not indicate the tiered strategy for delivering it. I voted in favour of the report as I believe it is important to carry out socio-economic analyses using appropriate tools that will complement GDP.
The objective of territorial cooperation is essential to putting cohesion policy into practice. I would like to highlight European Groupings for Territorial Cooperation (EGTCs), which make a significant contribution to cohesion through cross-territorial cooperation programmes.
The objective of the agreement concerned is to prevent, deter and eliminate illegal, undeclared and unregulated (IUU) fishing through the use of effective port state measures, thereby ensuring the long-term conservation and sustainable use of living marine resources and marine ecosystems, including not only fishing vessels, but also ships that may be used to transport fish products.
The objective of the agreement is to establish cooperation in order to guarantee the integrated protection of the ecosystem and the sustainable development of the Prespa Park area, including the development of plans for the integrated management of the hydrographic basin.
The objective of this agreement is to prevent, deter and eliminate IUU fishing through the use of effective port state measures, thereby guaranteeing the long-term conservation and sustainable use of living marine resources and marine ecosystems.
The objective of this policy is to ensure the sustainable development of forests while helping to enhance quality of life for European citizens and to promote the development of rural areas.
The objectives are clear: to establish a new, less democratic international order so as to guarantee better conditions for big business and finance to compete in the endless contest for markets and domination of the world's natural resources; this requires the increased militarisation of the EU, and integrated and permanent cooperation with NATO, under the leadership of the United States and the great powers of the EU.
The objectives of the EU 2020 strategy include, in particular, reducing school drop-out rates to below 10% and ensuring that at least 40% of young generations obtain a qualification.
The objectives of the joint undertaking are to provide the contribution of the European Atomic Energy Community (Euratom) to the International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor (ITER) International Fusion Energy Organisation and to 'Broader Approach' activities with Japan for the rapid realisation of fusion energy, and to prepare and coordinate a programme of activities in preparation for the construction of a demonstration fusion reactor (DEMO) and related facilities including the International Fusion Materials Irradiation Facility (IFMIF). In addition to its other activities, the main tasks of the joint undertaking are to oversee the preparation of the site for the ITER project, to provide the ITER organisation with material, financial and human resources, to coordinate scientific and technological research and development activities in the field of fusion, and to act as an interface with the ITER organisation.
The objectives of the strategy concern social and employment policies, which fall within the competence of individual Member States.
The objectives of this Agreement focus on making trade in goods and services easier by removing technical barriers, and on reducing duplication of regulatory airworthiness assessments, tests and controls by implementing the reciprocity principle.
The objectives set in the Digital Agenda in the form of broadband cover for all European citizens by 2013, and high-speed cover of 30 Mbps or more (up to 100 Mbps for half of European households) by 2020, must be regarded as the minimum, and the ambition should be for Europe to have the best capacity and the highest broadband connection speeds in the world.
The objectives set out in the Digital Agenda, taking account of the constant downgrading in the speed and volume of data traffic, which is expected to double each year up to 2014, should be seen as minimal or reassessed if the EU is to dethrone South Korea in this area.
The obligation to protect the discriminated is embodied in our most important legal acts - in the Treaty and in the Charter of Fundamental Rights.
The oft-used phrase 'an economic giant but a political dwarf' takes on new meaning when we analyse the EU's presence in international organisations and in other regional organisations of which it is part.
The old agreement has already generated numerous jobs both for the population of Seychelles and in Europe, where it has induced jobs in areas related to the sector.
The one in ten which succeeds pays for all the rest, but the motto is 'fail fast'. There is much we can learn about how we could better support our own innovative small businesses in Europe.
The one-China policy is outdated and morally undermining to the image of the European Union.
The ongoing disaster in Fukushima should be a wake-up call on the huge risks involved with storing nuclear waste and we welcome that MEPs have heeded this call.
The ongoing negotiations on a Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (CETA) aim at a very advanced agreement, exceeding in its level of ambition any trade and economic agreement negotiated either by the EU or by Canada to date, that could reinforce the already strong bilateral trade and investment relationship even further. I welcome an agreement with Canada going beyond the WTO commitments and being complementary to multilateral rules, provided that the negotiations produce a balanced, ambitious, high-quality agreement. I feel that agriculture chapters will constitute an important issue for both parties in these negotiations. I am concerned about possibly substantial concessions in the area of GMOs, milk and origin labelling.
The ongoing upheavals, which will increase after the death of Osama Bin Laden, must be tackled in full compliance with the Treaty of Lisbon.
The only concession that is made is on public debates, which cannot take place in the Member State affected by the sanction.
The only condition is that they should be offered beforehand the simplest possible opportunity to find out about the cultural wealth in the area where they live.
The only government within the European Union that has an interior minister from a party which you define as populist is the one that has had the courage to implement the most humanitarian measure: giving 25 000 Tunisian people permission to move freely.
The only important points that the report makes are the acknowledgements that 'the financial sector should meet the needs of the real economy, help to promote sustainable growth and display the greatest possible degree of social responsibility', and that 'during the recent financial crisis, many financial institutions around the world failed at great cost to the taxpayer'. It even claims that some financial institutions and authorities did not understand the nature, amplitude and complexity of the risks they incurred.
The only long-term solution to this problem is for the Greeks to reintroduce the drachma, which could be devalued on its own.
The only party that was triumphant was the Eurosceptics, and they won easily.
The only place the European Commission has not been imaginative is where it needed to be, because we all need to restructure the debt, to renegotiate the debt, and to involve creditors in the solution.
The only possible way out of the legal stagnation brought about by transferring Member States' powers to the European Union would appear to be a principle allowing both sets of agreements to coexist over a transitional period, in order for Member States to renegotiate existing bilateral agreements or, in line with EU investment policy, to complete negotiations on agreements under preparation.
The only question is whether the Commission will have the power and the imagination to succeed in taking action in this field.
The only relevant question at this particular moment is the question about the role of urban dimension in the future architecture of cohesion policy post 2013 - however, the report remains open in this point and does not make a clear recommendation.
The only sensible way to react to this is to do something, in the short term, about a common European asylum and migration policy.
The only sure thing is that most Member States have reported cases of the bacteria.
The only thing is - and this is prompted by our behaviour in the past - that we must further strengthen the preventive aspect of the Stability Pact, because if a Member State goes down the wrong road, then we cannot allow it to become subject to political bargaining in the Council, which is ultimately what the response from Europe will be.
The only thing that worries me is this false sense of security.
The only virtue of this resolution, which is supported by all political groups except mine, is to deplore this state of affairs and boast about energy efficiency that it undermines elsewhere by promoting unbridled exports.
The only way I can imagine that is if we finally give in and say we should have done this, that or the other at the time; if we admit our mistakes and, as Europe burns around us, finally put forward a vision in which we are able to survive globalisation.
The only way that we can make progress in fighting climate change is responsible reports such as this one which hold those accountable who cause the most pollution and which is why I was able to support it.
The onset of the crisis in 2008 sent EU Member States' deficit and debt levels spiralling to unprecedented levels, thereby increasing the cost of credit and creating serious debt servicing difficulties.
The operation of the visitors centre and visit programme ought to be adapted to these demands.
The opinion of Parliament in Brussels is advisory and now, as in the past, the decision lies in the hands of the Council's politicians.
The opportunism and greed of members of the public and certain businesspeople are leading them to take advantage of the freedom of movement of people and goods throughout the European Union to harm third parties.
The opportunities offered by public funding, particularly the Structural Funds, are not fully exploited.
The opportunity for mobility is an important part of vocational education and training, but more emphasis should be placed on a better harmonisation of Member States' different education systems - including mutual recognition of certificates and diplomas - in order to enhance collaboration and support mobility.
The oral question consists of seven questions, specifically on the progress made on a range of sensitive subjects, such as public procurement; negotiations concerning intellectual property rights issues in relation to generic medicines; the application for a mandate on overseas investment negotiations that the Commission submitted to the European Council; issues being negotiated relating to culture and cultural services; whether there has been a specific assessment of the effects of a possible FTA with India on the main European industries; whether there is a quantitative assessment of the foreseeable benefits and losses from this FTA for the European Union; and, finally, whether the Commission assures us that it will give Parliament's views on this issue the proper consideration.
The orchestra rehearsed while the city was being shelled, and the winter festival full of arts and culture continued.
The organisation of regular meetings of a crisis management board, which will cooperate with the EEAS, is of crucial importance to this.
The original aim of the report was to speed up the procedure for registering the names of new textiles, in order to provide effective support for innovation in the European textile and clothing industry, while at the same time making it possible for consumers to benefit more rapidly from modern products.
The original text recognised that 'NATO constitutes the foundation of collective defence for those Member States which belong to it' and here is the addition, 'and reaches beyond its Member States'.
The other area of concern is around procurement.
The other factor is how are we to deal with the riches beneath the ground in South Sudan? While we are at it, is South Sudan covered by the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (EITI), which audits freedom from corruption and examines which oil assets benefit the population? If not, how can we in Europe help? The one thing, after all, that really helps when it comes to European help for South Sudan - and, in fact, for the North - is actually trade and getting fair investments off the ground.
The other homework given by the European Council was to increase the lending capacity of the European Investment Bank, and in this regard we were able to come to an agreement with this Parliament, which is another success we achieved, and I believe this was an important step towards the reconciliation of the situation in the countries of North Africa.
The other issue, on which we are clearly receiving feedback, is that a lot of working time is spent on red tape.
The other will then have to include the cost of constructing the factory building in the price of the products he sells, and he will therefore logically have higher prices or lower profits.
The outcome of tomorrow's vote will be discussed with the Ministers during the public debate next Friday.
The outcomes show that this fund has been the most effective tool to date for accomplishing the goals enshrined in the Treaty on European Union and the Treaty of Lisbon.
The output of solar power stations thus fluctuates considerably over the course of a day and during the year. I support the conclusions of the report by the Confederal Group of the European United Left - Nordic Green Left, but they must necessarily be followed up a detailed analysis of the plans.
The overarching objective of development cooperation is the eradication of poverty in partner countries, including pursuit of the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs). To achieve these objectives, the EU needs a specific financing instrument for development cooperation.
The overhasty accession to Schengen for these countries should therefore be rejected, as the main beneficiaries of this could be organised crime from eastern Europe and even from the Caucasus region. I believe that, in combating asylum problems, Denmark has set itself up as a trailblazer for EU-wide rules.
The overly complex administration is costly and provides a disincentive for SMEs to participate in FP7.
The overwhelming majority of farms are owned by men. I believe that women should be supported to ensure that this imbalance is corrected.
The overwhelming majority of you, with only one or two notable exceptions, were very much in favour of my report on early years learning and the other reports we debated today. I think we have really put down a marker for the future that education is extremely important.
The package - politically unthinkable prior to the crisis and certainly not yet perfect - is indeed a major step forward.
The package is also due to be applied to a larger part of the fleet, specifically, all vehicles of 3.5 tonnes or above.
The package is made up of six proposals: four of them deal with budgetary issues, including a reform of the Stability and Growth Pact (SGP), while two new regulations aim at detecting and resolving emerging macroeconomic imbalances within the EU and the euro area.
The package must pave the way for sustainable public finances and economic growth. I therefore want to call on the Council and the Commission to look deeper than the funding needs of these countries over the coming year in order to avoid us facing the same problems in a year's time.
The package that eventually came out of the negotiations provides a strong answer to those requirements, and it also provides an answer to the mistakes of the past.
The panel also makes a series of recommendations to the UN Secretary-General and to the government of Sri Lanka which, in the panel's words, will serve as the framework for an ongoing and constructive engagement between the Secretary-General and the government of Sri Lanka on accountability.
The panel found credible allegations which, if proven, would indicate that serious violations of international humanitarian law and international human rights law were committed by the Sri Lankan military and the LTTE, some of which would amount to war crimes and crimes against humanity.
The parliamentary resolution adopted today sends a strong signal to all the Member States for them to sign this convention, which has the power, I sincerely hope, to strengthen workers' social inclusion by granting them access to standard social rights to which all workers are entitled.
The past year has been rich in discussion and the Council conclusions, together with the results of the stakeholder consultation, are already feeding into the Commission's reflections on the next steps.
The path taken by Russia towards an essentially liberal, pluralist democracy has experienced both advances and setbacks, but it is undeniable that the country has come a long way since the days of the Iron Curtain.
The pathological hunt to locate the contamination site led to premature accusations of guilt all round, and these arguments led to days of negative headlines and total uncertainty on the part of consumers.
The payments should include as few exemptions as possible, and should apply to the so-called external costs of road transport, including noise and, above all, emissions. I am frankly curious as to how the individual states will justify their unwillingness to introduce payments, at least under Table 1, which is a very watered-down version of what genuine environmentalists want.
The peace process in Ireland has benefited hugely from the EU budget. I urge all Members to support the retention of these important programmes.
The peculiarities and different problems of each country are reflected, without doubt, in the different reform programmes which, nonetheless, are underpinned by a basic philosophy: the absolute emphasis on rapid budgetary reform.
The penalties and fines incurred are often lower than the amounts collected in these scams.
The people are unlikely to benefit from foreign investment, which already promises to be transparent and not predatory.
The people in the economically strong EU countries are angry - at least every bit as angry as the demonstrators in Athens - because they have to tighten their belts for the sake of the PIIG states.
The people of Europe, the citizens, distrust the European Union because they no longer trust the governments to find solutions to their problems.
The people of Sarajevo have come close to knowing hell, especially during the siege of that city, and arts and culture have helped people there to survive.
The people who initiated this debate must apologise not only to the Commissioner, but also to all European citizens, because it is precisely this kind of behaviour from Parliament which leads to a lack of interest from European citizens in its activities, disappointment and low voter turnout in European Parliament elections.
The percentage of Union resources allocated to thermomodernisation is also too low, particularly in the countries of Central and Eastern Europe.
The period during which he carried out his duties, as well as the nature of the latter, cannot escape your attention.
The period from birth to the age of three is critical for children's brain development, physical and cognitive development, and for language acquisition.
The petitioners assert that the local threshold for carrying out an environmental impact assessment (EIA), which was 20 hectares at the time, was not adhered to; that instead, the project was artificially subdivided into smaller parts and that in reality, the 20 hectare threshold was exceeded.
The phenomenon of 'carbon leakage', or the relocation of industry outside the EU's borders, is not a myth, but a real threat to economic growth and jobs in Europe.
The phenomenon of the sudden increase in fuel costs on world markets in the past few months is, without question, the most significant reason for the sudden deterioration in the situation.
The picture that emerges from the figures year on year is not one that we consider to be acceptable.
The pilot project will also involve a study to gain a better understanding of precarious work in 12 Member States, and to promote its conversion into employment relationships carrying more social rights, in particular, by looking at what the Member States can do in practical terms to encourage this transformation and identify a core of basic social rights. A case study of the situation of migrant domestic workers in Italy was carried out recently in connection with a project on decent work and industrial relations cofinanced by the Commission.
The point I want to make, however, is that, if we want to bolster the creative industries, we have work to do, in particular, on digital development.
The point in hand is the responsibility of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, it is put to you on the initiative of the Committee on Regional Development, and it should be possible to reject it during the separate vote that will take place later on. I am counting on the intelligence and efficiency of my fellow Members.
The point is that this extra 5% is to be used precisely for investments within the key areas that are focused on the future, in particular, research, growth and employment.
The point of departure is strengthening current legislation. I am convinced that the current rules can cater for most situations.
The points to be further developed are: a stronger focus on prevention of unsustainable fiscal and macroeconomic policies; the need for national reform programmes and stability and convergence programmes to be duly dealt with at national level before submission to EU-level surveillance; a stronger and more independent role for the Commission in the surveillance procedure; more independence for the Commission in relation to the Council concerning compliance with EU rules; the need for the decision-making procedure based on reversed qualified majority voting in the Council to be introduced in both the preventive and the corrective parts of the framework; enhanced transparency and accountability, in order to strengthen peer support and peer pressure; a more independent role for the Commission in the decision-making procedure but also greater accountability on the part of the Commission; and lastly, the need for Parliament to have a stronger role in the surveillance process, but not an executive role.
The policy for promoting agriculture and rural areas must consistently aim at a clear decentralisation of the food production and marketing structures.
The policy of development aid is neither an altruistic obligation, nor a means for former colonial powers of easing their consciences, where there has been colonisation.
The policy options include soft law options, an opt-in regime called the 28th system, the unlikely approximation of substantive national law (because of resistance by the Council and the impossibility of overnight merging of national legal traditions) and the option of creating a fully fledged European civil code. I totally support the report, especially in the context of human rights violations in the Latvian Republic. I voted in favour.
The policy options listed should also include the option of taking no action.
The political decision will have to be made when the Member States are ready for it. We have had ongoing consultations with all parties concerned, and are trying to find a solution that is acceptable for all stakeholders, Romania, Bulgaria, and the Member States concerned about the Schengen mechanism.
The political priorities and objectives set are to promote employment, to strengthen innovation, research and growth, to address climate change, to improve education levels, to achieve social integration and to combat poverty, alongside policies on immigration and to safeguard resources to develop inaccessible and border areas.
The political staff of the bourgeois classes in the European Parliament are demanding the strengthening of the imperialist character of the EU, its further militarisation and the development of its military capabilities and those of the Euro Army, especially 'flexible' battlegroups and rapid reaction forces, such as those being prepared with EUFOR Libya for land operations in Libya, in which Greece is heavily involved as leader of the Balkan battlegroup.
The populist slogans contributing to significant electoral success, today in Finland, tomorrow in a different country, are, in fact, simply repeating the words previously articulated by very respectable political leaders.
The position adopted by Parliament today is the first victory in the battle over the shape of the new financial perspective for the period 2014-2020.
The positives are that transaction costs are low, that partner countries have an increased responsibility for themselves and that there is a better dialogue between partners and donors.
The possibilities for all EU Member States to borrow in international markets under the right conditions, as well as the stability of the whole global financial system and the effectiveness of crisis prevention, will depend on how successfully we can reform financial assessment.
The possibility and ability to learn and work in an international context is a prerequisite for a successful working life in a globalised economy.
The possibility of a marginal 5% increase in European budgets only seems a lot to Her Majesty, the Queen of England.
The possibility of introducing border controls already exists.
The possibility of obtaining an EOPA without any notification and prior hearing for the relevant party is an infringement on the debtor's rights and is contrary to current case law of the Court of Justice of the European Union.
The possibility to learn in an international context is a prerequisite for a successful working life that will promote the acquisition of foreign-language skills and increased competitiveness.
The potential advantages of a European contract law for the Single Market have been debated a great deal over these last few years.
The potential agreement covers a wide range of issues: trade in goods and services, intellectual property rights, public procurement, regulatory cooperation, investment, temporary migration (mode IV), competition policy and labour and environmental standards.
The potential benefits of European contract law for the Internal Market have been discussed in the interinstitutional framework and with the broad public for a many years, and Parliament pronounced for the first time on the issue in 1989.
The potential launch of negotiations on an FTA agreement was backed by the Council as long as Japan was willing to tackle non-tariff barriers on market access and restrictions on public procurement. I would like to reiterate that non-tariff barriers and public procurement are crucial areas for European businesses where Japan needs to make significant concessions.
The pre-school period being the most important for the child's emotional and social development, those working with these children should have the required qualifications.
The precondition for commencing negotiations and strengthening trade relations remains the obligation on Japan to remove non-tariff barriers and barriers preventing access to Japanese public procurement contracts.
The preconditions have been fulfilled for the Council to take the decision referred to in Article 4(2) of the Act of Accession, allowing for the lifting of internal controls at air, land and sea borders.
The preferences remain in place for goods from Albania, Croatia, Macedonia and Montenegro.
The presence of Osama Bin Laden in Pakistan has now once again exposed Pakistan's ambivalent approach towards fighting terrorism.
The presence of animal-derived materials must be clearly indicated, so as to prevent consumers or individuals who suffer allergies from running the risk of inadvertently purchasing real fur products when they would prefer not to do so. The initial aim of this proposal is to simplify and improve the existing regulatory framework for the labelling of textile products.
The presence of animal-derived materials should be clearly indicated, so as to prevent consumers or individuals who suffer allergies from running the risk of inadvertently purchasing real fur products when they would prefer not to do so.
The presence of more flexible conditions for cross-financing could, in my opinion, optimise the use of the plans or strategies in question, exploiting the complementary synergies of these funds in an effective and efficient way.
The present arrangement concerning customs security measures will be added to the 1990 Agreement under the form of a new Title IIA and, unlike the customs union, will apply to agricultural products (Article 12b(2) of the Protocol).
The present dynamics suggest that proposals for the harmonisation of contracts - still optional at this stage - will be implemented with these same interests at the forefront.
The present motion for a resolution analyses the conduct of certain directory companies that behave unacceptably when they trick thousands of citizens and companies in the European Union.
The preservation of biodiversity must be a priority for our political action.
The preservation of the forest is crucial to the interests of the whole of humankind.
The pretext of this is to revitalise the Western Balkan economies through privileged access to the EU market, in the belief that any economic growth resulting from this will foster political stability throughout the region.
The preventative detentions and the ban on leaving the country which has been imposed on the most important members of the opposition and former members of the government cast doubt on the objectivity of the Ukrainian prosecution service.
The prevention and correction framework and the whole economic governance framework should promote growth and jobs and boost the Union's competitiveness and social stability. I therefore agree that surveillance of the economic policies of the Member States should be broadened beyond budgetary surveillance to prevent excessive macroeconomic imbalances and vulnerabilities within the Union.
The prevention and correction of macroeconomic imbalances is a powerful instrument to address fragilities arising, from medium and long term structural trends, from the enlarging divergences within the Union.
The previous Fisheries Partnership Agreement between the European Union and the Republic of Seychelles, which expired in January 2011 and has been renewed by the Commission for a period of three years, brought mutual benefits as regards their respective interests in the tuna fishing sector.
The previous review of the CAP did the groundwork, resulting in a drastic reduction over the last two years in the real per capita income of farmers and a reduction in employment in the agricultural sector.
The price per barrel has increased by 63% since 2007; it is true that it has decreased today, but I do not think it has fallen enough to be sustainable.
The principal goal of the 'Youth on the Move' initiative is to promote youth mobility and to break down barriers that are still standing in its way.
The principal message of the Small Business Act is to 'think small first' - to concentrate business legislation across the EU on small and medium-sized enterprises - and the EU has committed tonight to continue the focus on this area.
The principle of cofinancing must be firmly established.
The principle of freedom of movement in the Schengen area is in danger of being compromised by the North African crisis, as reflected in talks between Italy and France concerning the relocation of migrants coming chiefly from Tunisia and the reintroduction of border controls.
The principle of mutuality must be preserved in order to ensure a solid, sustainable agreement for both sides.
The principle of transparency of revenue and investment is also on the record which, we hope, will be a precedent in assessing public policies: indeed, Member States will have to report to the Commission on a regular basis.
The principles of the EU include freedom of movement and solidarity between Member States, and we should not take retrograde steps in that regard.
The priorities of the Ukrainian Chairmanship of the Committee of Ministers of the Council of Europe are, inter alia, to prevent violations of human rights and to uphold the principles of the rule of law.
The priority is now to resume the negotiations that were already under way, but based on new premises and involving States which have, until now, been excluded from these negotiations.
The private sector in the European Union and Canada has also expressed strong support for concluding such a comprehensive agreement, even though a number of challenges still remain, taking into account the lofty ambitions declared during the negotiations.
The problem could only be overcome thanks to the diligence of the ambassadors of Romania and Bulgaria, who requested the declassification of the reports and their submission to Parliament, so enabling Members of this House to have access to the content of the evaluations, recommendations and final conclusions.
The problem in North Africa and the problem of the war in Libya are causing a problem of insecurity for the people living there.
The problem is not high tariff barriers - the tariff barriers are relatively low - but rather non-tariff barriers, including regulatory complications, issues in relation to mutual recognition, poor access to public contracts, and so on.
The problem is not only how the European Arrest Warrant is carried out, but also that prison conditions in various countries in Europe are such that you really cannot carry on sending people there any more.
The problem is not tariffs but the numerous restrictive regulations and obstructions faced by EU companies in gaining access to the Japanese market. I am in favour of greater cooperation between the European Union and Japan, but I believe that the priority should be the removal of these non-tariff barriers which restrict the access of EU goods to the Japanese market.
The problem is quite straightforward: people are fleeing from North Africa.
The problem is that binding BIT arbitration judgments based on international law could entail commitments to investors by Member States that give rise to EU Treaty infringement proceedings.
The problem is that nothing in Mrs Wallis' report proves the objective existence of such barriers, and therefore of a problem that needs to be solved.
The problem is that these companies often swoop on undertakings in another EU Member State, and these frequently small family businesses either do not have the knowledge or the ability to put up a legal defence, or find that it will cost them a lot of money and effort. I have only one additional question: does the Commission believe there is scope for a public campaign to name the individual companies involved and call on honest business not to associate with them?
The problem is, however, that it cannot be enforced.
The problem is, unfortunately, that the position of the Palestinians and of President Abbas on Hamas has changed. I would like to appeal to you, Mrs Ashton, to ensure that the huge amount of aid which is going to the Palestinian Authority is not used by Israel's enemies for attacks on what is, at present, the only democracy in the region. I would like to remind everyone that Israel is the only country in the Middle East in which the Arab population can and does make use of the right to elect its representatives to parliament.
The problem lies in the fact that there continue to be cases of traders who unwittingly enter into contracts for valuable consideration for entries in a business directory.
The problem must be treated at its roots: by providing better employment and education opportunities for them, this internal migration pressure will also decrease within the European Union.
The problem of the management of spent fuel and radioactive waste is tackled in the report by Mrs Jordan Cizeli that we have just voted on. Following the Fukushima disaster, the resulting security issues have made this issue unexpectedly acute.
The problem to which I am referring is that when young people apply for a job, they already need to have had a traineeship.
The problem, I see here, as I do want to tackle the real problem, is that the large holdings that receives these big amounts of money can easily split up for only accountancy purposes and then nothing will be changed.
The problems deriving from divergences in Member States' contract laws often discourage businesses, in particular, small and medium-sized enterprises, from engaging in cross-border trade and keep them from benefiting from opportunities and gains which the Internal Market offers.
The problems of the Roma and Lampedusa that have often been cited in this House merely serve to illustrate the problem. I do not want Schengen to apply in my country, nor would I wish it on others.
The procedure for registering a name generally takes several years.
The procedure includes the introduction of symmetry in the analysis of macroeconomic indicators, the possibility that the Commission will produce a study on Eurobonds by the end of this year, an integrated vision of penalties as a final step in relation both to macroeconomic imbalances and to the Stability and Growth Pact, and the question of introducing reverse qualified majority voting for Council decisions.
The procedure provided for in this report is totally new to the framework of Union law, and I believe it will go on to play an indispensible role in the Member States' future macroeconomic policies.
The process must be evidence-based, impact-assessed and with full parliamentary involvement, and on that basis, as I have said, the time for talking is over and we need to move forward.
The process of assessing the impacts of a regulation contributes significantly towards reducing the bureaucratic burden that is a by-product of statutory regulation. A special Impact Assessment Board was set up at Commission level some time ago, and it assesses impacts both ex ante and ex post.
The process will lead to greater transparency and will, above all, simplify access to information, which will be kept in one place.
The process within the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection was a turning point for Mr Manders's proposal, as that was where it was decided that it should be made compulsory to include the full composition of a product rather than just some of its parts.
The processes of globalisation carry a wide range of opportunities, challenges and threats for global governance.
The programme of macro-financial assistance to strengthen Georgia's economy, which has been implemented since 2009, is therefore still crucial for the further development of positive political and economic relations, and also in respect of national security. I therefore agree entirely with the European Commission's proposal regarding the earmarking of additional funds for grants and loans in order to improve Georgia's financial situation.
The programme's implementation will last another two years, and the level of budgetary commitment has not exceeded 50% (of EUR 54 billion for the period 2007-2013), which should make it easier to involve the competent bodies and enable the funds available to be used as appropriately as possible.
The progress made by the Member States can be considered reasonable, given the context of serious deterioration in the socio-economic situation due to the global crisis and to the reform made to the policy for the period 2007-2013.
The progress made within Member States in terms of taking concrete steps to improve the business environment for small and medium-sized businesses is variable and sometimes negligible, in spite of the declared political commitments featuring in this document.
The project encourages exchanges of best practice, in particular, involving precarious workers' collective representation. A second call for proposals, to be issued this year, will relate more specifically to action to improve the rights of the poorest workers, including domestic workers.
The project is in the past; it was decided on five years ago and approved five years ago.
The project to implement a European satellite navigation programme is a major challenge and undoubtedly useful for the future of technology in Europe, but the forecasts of expenditure and investment by the European bodies for this project are still not clear or transparent at present.
The proliferation of such information makes this more difficult and contributes to decreasing the public's quality of life.
The promotion of high labour standards, social standards and corporate social responsibility represents an extremely large challenge for the external dimension of social policy.
The promotion of the EU radio spectrum should not overshadow the needs of the poorest people in Europe.
The proper functioning of the Internal Market depends on the stability of the financial system and on the trust put by European citizens and consumers in financial institutions and transactions.
The proper functioning of the free circulation of people, products, services and labour will depend on the robustness and harmonisation of policies on external borders, as that is the only way to preserve social peace and economic stability within the Union.
The proposal adopted today came about after the unprecedented floods that last summer devastated a vast portion of Pakistan's territory.
The proposal also supports the European manufacturing industry and guarantees its business in the global context.
The proposal calls on the Member States to guarantee higher safety levels that also comply with international safety standards; greater attention to technical and scientific advances, particularly to comply with the principle of reversibility; increased emphasis on protection of the environment and people's health; and a commitment to identifying responsibility in accordance with the 'polluter pays' principle, with transparency and with the role of licence holders.
The proposal creates environmental economic accounts as satellite accounts to ESA 95 by providing methodology, common standards, definitions, classifications and accounting rules, intended to be used for compiling environmental economic accounts.
The proposal does not help those affected by the flood, nor does it have any significant influence on the country's development.
The proposal establishes a special regime between the EU and Andorra to ensure that trade runs smoothly between the two parties without jeopardising the necessary security for the traded goods, To this end it is necessary to ensure equivalent levels of security in their respective territories. I hope that trade relations between the EU and Andorra will prove fruitful and that the proposal will make a significant contribution to this objective.
The proposal facilitates the process of adapting legislation to technical progress by transforming the three existing directives into a single regulation, thereby avoiding the transposition of merely technical updates and shortening the time between the submission of an application and the adoption of a new fibre name.
The proposal facilitates the process to adapt legislation to technical progress by transforming the three existing directives into a single regulation, which would avoid transposition of merely technical updates, and shortens the time between the submission of an application and the adoption of a new fibre name.
The proposal for a European Union seat that may be rotated between the Member States seems like an excellent idea. I therefore support the report.
The proposal for a directive is designed to ensure that Member States establish a national regulatory and organisational framework and draw up appropriate national programmes for spent fuel and radioactive waste management, regardless of the perspectives of nuclear power and non-power applications.
The proposal for a directive on which the European Parliament was consulted is another example of how Europe is able to act in a practical manner to protect European citizens.
The proposal for a regulation adopted by the Commission on 30 January 2010 is aimed at simplifying the existing regulatory framework, bringing the three existing directives on naming and labelling textile products together in a single regulation.
The proposal for revision of the Eurovignette Directive, which is at issue here, is aimed at introducing the 'polluter pays' principle to road transport, allowing the Member States to include the cost of noise and air pollution in national tolls, which means the levying of yet another charge on heavy goods vehicles.
The proposal for the directive merges the four existing Community directives into a single legal instrument. I would have liked to have seen a higher level of consumer protection in some areas but the proposal as a whole is a very good compromise and will enhance the rights of the consumers throughout the EU. Several important points will mean real added value for the European consumer; the Directive now applies to digital products and (partly) to passenger travel; the trader is now required to provide the consumer with specific information in the pre-contractual phase, in on-premises contracts as well as in off-premises and distance contracts; immediately before a consumer places an order, she has to be informed (again) about the full price and the main characteristics of the product, and she has to explicitly confirm that the order implies and obligation to pay; Moreover, the right of withdrawal will now be fully harmonized in all Member States providing a 14-day withdrawal period.
The proposal is based on the Euratom Treaty and, in particular, on the guidelines provided in the report 'Assessing Euratom - 50 years of European nuclear energy policy'. The rapporteur identifies four main priorities among the amendments tabled in the draft report for consideration by the members of the committee.
The proposal is intended to ensure that, on the one hand, consumers of the 27 Member States can rely on a high level of protection and, on the other hand, that businesses, regardless of their size, can provide their goods and services to consumers in the 27 Member States without facing unnecessary legal obstacles.
The proposal lays down requirements to ensure that Member States establish a national regulatory and organisational framework, in order to be able to draw up appropriate national programmes for spent fuel and radioactive waste management, from their generation to their disposal.
The proposal lays down specific requirements to ensure that Member States establish a national regulatory and organisational framework, and draw up appropriate national programmes for spent fuel and radioactive waste management, from generation up to disposal.
The proposal not only protects the existence, but also ensures the future development, of those valuable cultural and economic services which, by the way, produce rich media content and feed future data highways with attractive cultural offerings.
The proposal puts into practice the principle of territorial cohesion as set out in Article 174 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
The proposal rejects Germany's request to occupy the potential new EU seat at the United Nations on a permanent basis and instead incorporates the Italian proposal to allow all Member States to occupy the seat in rotation in order to respect the principle of the equal dignity of all Member States.
The proposal set out in the report regarding Croatia's compliance with its obligations to the EMCDDA and the EU is very positive. I am voting in favour of this report as I believe that this link between Croatia and the EU will contribute not only to a more effective fight against the phenomenon of drugs and drug addiction, but also to the creation of greater solidarity between the EU and Croatia, which is an accession candidate, and will - at least, I hope so - shortly become a fully fledged Member State.
The proposal states that the further enlargement of the United Nations Security Council in order to include the EU is a key factor for effectively pursuing the objectives mentioned above.
The proposal that has been made makes it difficult to meet the public's demands and fulfil our responsibility to promote peace, development, international stability and human rights in the world.
The proposal underlines that the European Union and the United Nations share the common commitment to promoting democracy, respect for human rights and peace among the international community.
The proposal we will vote on tomorrow differs significantly from that put forward by the European Commission, which mainly consisted in technical changes simplifying legislation already in force.
The proposal which has been presented - and I am repeating this once again - does not solve anything, so I believe it should be rejected. I call on Mrs Ashton to present a well-thought through, conditional concept for cooperation with Pakistan.
The proposals contained in this text are unrealistic and are nearer to mind-numbing mantras; waste and bureaucracy still have a bright future ahead of them.
The proposals include increasing competitiveness in the long-term, improving and preserving the environment, improving quality of life, and promoting coordination and communications.
The proposals on the multiannual framework, as I said in my introduction, will be forthcoming in June, and only after that, in the autumn, will the Commission table legislative proposals.
The proposals outlined in the Commission Communication of 4 May, including, in particular, a planned extension of the 'exceptional circumstances' under which internal border controls may be restored, leave me somewhat perplexed.
The proposals talk about tougher sanctions, about fines for the non-fulfilment of recommendations and about these being applied automatically, in order to avoid succumbing to political horse-trading.
The proposals to reinforce Frontex need to be adopted as a matter of urgency.
The proposals which the Commission announced on Wednesday to tighten the asylum and migration policy contain one piece of poppycock and some good initiatives.
The proposals which the Commission has put on the table for this purpose are the proportionality test, where we have to look at the seriousness of the offence, the length of the sentence which this offence would carry, and the cost/benefit of executing such an arrest warrant.
The proposed Agreement on civil aviation safety, as with the Agreement with the US, will significantly improve cooperation between the Union and Canada and will govern this matter in all the Member States of the European Union.
The proposed approach will increase the political power of the Commission and the European Parliament to the detriment of the Council and the national authorities, which is not what we want.
The proposed assistance - part of a comprehensive EU package of up to EUR 500 million - aims to support Georgia's recovery following the armed conflict with Russia, and also helps Georgia address the consequences of the global economic and financial crisis.
The proposed budget increase is an absolute necessity. I cannot see why anyone should object to this increase.
The proposed changes to strengthen the monitoring mechanism, which is designed to maintain mutual trust between the Member States and their capacity to apply effectively and efficiently the accompanying measures, will make it possible to maintain an area without borders.
The proposed coordination may help ensure the more efficient use of resources, especially at a time when budget cuts are being made, particularly in the cultural sector.
The proposed measures should be welcomed as a perfect example of the synergies that the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon has made possible.
The proposed regulation establishes in this respect a common framework for the collection, compilation, transmission and evaluation of European environmental economic accounts by providing common European-wide methodology, common standards, definitions, classifications and accounting rules for compiling these accounts.
The proposed regulation would have been a particularly good means of answering disputed questions on food from cloned animals by tightening the provisions of the 1997 regulation.
The proposed scenario of a 30% reduction will have a huge impact on sectors participating in the ETS, and will force them to step up measures to a significantly greater extent than those sectors not participating in the scheme.
The proposed strengthening of the European Defence Agency would not mean a genuine increase in the level of security in the EU, but merely the creation of another bureaucratic monster, incapable of performing the tasks assigned to it. Who would take the decision to mobilise European armed forces? Whose interests would their units be acting in? How much of a say would the new Member States have? Would the EDA's headquarters be relocated? Fears have also been voiced regarding institutional matters, such as whether growth of the EDA would not result in a reduction in the size of certain Member States' armies, and whether there would be a clash with the remit and objectives of the European External Action Service.
The proposed system for monitoring the level of financial reserves through an independent body can, with the right organisation, create the conditions for a nuclear facility to accumulate during its operating life sufficient funds to finance environmentally-friendly decommissioning, and that should be our objective.
The prospect of a referendum on Scottish independence is now not a matter of 'if', but rather of 'when'.
The protection of economic and social rights is an obligation for all Member States arising from the UN's Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
The protection of the forest against climate also helps maintain the forest industry and its competitiveness.
The protocol intends precisely to strengthen customs security measures in respect of goods imported from and exported to non-member countries.
The protocol provides for a Union contribution to São Tomé and Príncipe of EUR 682 500 per year, of which EUR 227 500 will go towards support for São Tomé and Príncipe's fisheries policy, which I believe to be appropriate. I also welcome the fact that the new protocol includes a suspension clause in case of a breach of human rights.
The protocol provides for a Union contribution to the Seychelles of EUR 16.8 million over three years, of which EUR 2.22 million per year will go towards support for the Seychelles' fisheries policy.
The protocol to the Fisheries Partnership Agreement with the Islamic Republic of Mauritania expires on 31 July 2012.
The protracted violent actions against the Coptic Church in Egypt and largely against Christians in the Middle East require an immediate response from the European Union.
The provincial government in Vorarlberg and the local administration tried to apply this Austrian law on the environment to the best of their ability. I believe that there is no reason to reproach these authorities.
The provisions of the directive should play a particular role in matters relating to all types of online transaction. I hope the proposed legislation will increase consumers' confidence in this form of making purchases.
The public authorities should deal with the further distribution of the information themselves.
The public has a right to it and it helps maintain the credibility of the European institutions: Parliament, the Commission and the Council.
The punishment does not fit the crime and leads to a lack of trust in an important and useful instrument.
The purely quantitative view of economic activity says nothing about the environmental balance sheet, nor about the social balance sheet, and therefore it is high time that we measured whether, year on year, we are doing well or badly in terms of our measures and efforts.
The purpose of our voting strategy was instead to send a clear signal that certain trends in the package for introducing austerity measures that are far too extensive ought to be exchanged for a more balanced approach in the final negotiating rounds.
The purpose of the SBA has been to reduce the administrative burden of doing business and improve access to finance for SMEs.
The purpose of the present proposal is to extend the scope of the proposal for a regulation on the cross-border transportation of euro cash by road between euro area Member States (the main proposal) to the territory of Member States that are about to introduce the euro, since there is normally an increased need for euro cash transportation in the run-up to the changeover. I welcome this extension of the scope (although it should be noted that the legal basis here is Article 352 TFEU, which means that Parliament merely has the power of consent).
The purpose of the report adopted today is to establish Parliament's position with regard to a new financing instrument for European Union development cooperation, based on the lessons drawn from our scrutiny of the implementation of the Development Cooperation Instrument (DCI). Contrary to Parliament, Member States did not seem to focus on checking the compliance of Commission proposals with the legal provisions of the DCI.
The purpose of the report with recommendations on proposed interim measures for the freezing and disclosure of debtors' assets in cross-border cases is for European citizens and businesses to have the right for these decisions to actually be enforced.
The purpose of these measures is to help countries in the process of stabilisation, such as the countries of the Western Balkans, through preferential trade measures with the EU compared to third countries.
The purpose of this proposal is to undertake a codification of Council Directive 80/181/EEC of 20 December 1979 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to units of measurement and on the repeal of Directive 71/354/EEC.
The purpose of this proposal is to undertake a codification of Council Directive 86/415/EEC of 24 July 1986 on the installation, location, operation and identification of the controls of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors. I voted 'in favour'.
The purpose of this proposal is to undertake a codification of Council Directive 87/402/EEC of 25 June 1987 on roll-over protection structures mounted in front of the driver's seat on narrow-track wheeled agricultural and forestry tractors. I supported this initiative by voting 'in favour'.
The purpose of this report - which I am voting for - is to establish at an early stage Parliament's position with regard to a new financing instrument for EU development cooperation, based on the lessons drawn from our scrutiny of the implementation of the DCI over the last four years. I would stress the need for the following broad areas to be promoted: adequate funding within the available resources; the effect of poverty eradication and Official Development Assistance (ODA) criteria; geographic and thematic programmes; procedures for programming EU aid, with better coordination and division of labour; and bridging the democracy gap, with Parliament being called on to take part in the decision-making process.
The purpose of this report is to establish Parliament's preliminary position with regard to a new financing instrument for EU development cooperation (DCI), based on the previous regulation. I believe Parliament's involvement at the early stages of the redesign of this instrument will be of great value to it, so I am supporting this initiative. I believe the values that characterise European Parliament action, not least the promotion of democracy and the defence of human rights, can contribute positively to constructing a tool that is more compact, effective and comprehensive.
The purpose of this report is to establish at an early stage Parliament's position with regard to a new financing instrument for EU development cooperation, based on the lessons drawn from our scrutiny of the implementation of the DCI.
The purpose of this report is to follow the previous report up, highlighting several aspects of the urban dimension of cohesion policy that the Committee on Regional Development identifies as crucial or challenging for future cohesion policy, which should become a fully-valued and effective policy for EU cities. I voted in favour, in view of the utmost importance of this topic in order for small and medium-sized towns and cities to realise their potential. I agree with the rapporteur's warning that the 'projects for money' approach should be replaced by a 'money for projects' approach.
The purpose of this report on the establishment of a financial instrument for development cooperation is to set at an early stage a Parliament position on this topic.
The purpose of this resolution is to draw the attention of the Ukrainian authorities to some apparent breaches of the rule of law which have distanced Ukraine from European values, and which, if they become commonplace, would curtail their country's prospects of future European integration.
The qualities that these frequencies possess in terms of coverage and penetration of buildings are universally recognised: they are called golden frequencies.
The quality of the products we eat and the way in which they are produced have fundamental significance for our health, and this is therefore why the health of the European Union's citizens should be an important aspect of our agricultural policy.
The quest for a negotiated agreement has dominated the region for decades.
The question arises as to whether we should allow projects to be divided into separate stages in time, if, in retrospect, one can say that actually it was all part of an overall plan and should have been looked at as a whole from the start.
The question arises as to whether we should always allow projects to be sliced up locally.
The question is simply how we will get the funds to stretch, and now we are not only talking about funds in the EU, but also funds in the Member States, and that is a balancing act.
The question is what role will the European Commission play in future when implementing all the points in the 2020 programme we have presented today. I would like to see the Commission choose a stronger role for itself, rather than delegating all the tasks to others.
The question is whether these measures are enough.
The question is whether we intend to address them in a bold or a despondent way, and whether we have courage to do so or whether cowardice will bring us to our knees.
The question now is what the Commission, and particularly President Barroso, will make of it. Cutting the funding for environmental protection in particular suggests narrow-mindedness, and I hope Commissioner Cioloş will be able to talk him out of it.
The question of banking secrecy has therefore been dealt with at European level from a legal point of view and cannot constitute an obstacle to the full exchange of information on request between tax authorities. I believe that all the criteria have already been met, on the basis of administrative cooperation, for Member States and the EU to now give Greece information about any fraud or tax evasion.
The question of education and training systems is currently taking on a completely different and a new significance than was the case, for example, a decade or more ago.
The question of the planning and management of European Union operations remains an open one.
The question that I would like to ask is: What is the reason for this? With 27 different nations making decisions, how can we reach a consensus within the EU and within the common foreign and security policy?
The question that was raised by several speakers, the first being Mr Groote and then Mr Häfner, concerned the mandatory register.
The questions are in writing; they are in the document we tabled and I think that they are clear enough for us to make progress on the issue of public information on these important trade negotiations between the European Union and one of our great trade partners.
The questions concerning venture capital and people can probably best be answered if we as politicians do not attempt to evaluate all the questions, to come to a decision and to draw up guidelines.
The questions from the left side of this House in particular deal directly with the concerns of the people in Europe, but also in India, and these are concerns for their own social and economic situation and the prospects of workers and those looking for work, including in the EU Member States.
The questions have been justified, and that is why it is very important that the Portuguese issue should be made a model example of how a crisis can be held in check, dealt with, and prevented from spreading. I think that Portugal must now first ensure that it repays the loans by selling its assets, as has been said.
The rapid growth of technology and, in particular, the Internet, is making criminal organisations more and more difficult to penetrate.
The rapporteur - who, significantly, is from the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament - states that 'air agreements with neighbouring countries or significant global partners can deliver substantial benefits to passengers, freight operators and airlines'.
The rapporteur also insists on spectrum use efficiency, greater flexibility in the promotion of innovation and on investment, as well as the need to improve the inventory of current and future spectrum usage.
The rapporteur also urges the Council to consider the positions of Parliament when reaching decisions.
The rapporteur and her political group also insist on acknowledging that the policies that they have supported and endorsed are the fundamental cause of the crisis, and that the creation of the single currency in the image of the German mark was based on false assumptions, which only served the interests of economic and financial groups in the strongest economies.
The rapporteur and his shadows have succeeded in making the issue quite clear, and simply putting before us what has to be done to achieve a positive outcome.
The rapporteur clearly states that, in spite of the constructiveness of the dialogue with the Commission, the Commission itself did not change its behaviour in development matters as Parliament recommended.
The rapporteur considers all the conditions for abolishing border checks with Bulgaria and Romania to have been met, but wants the European Parliament to be kept informed about additional measures to be taken on the Bulgaria-Greece-Turkey border, which is one of the most sensitive in terms of illegal immigration.
The rapporteur demonstrates the need to analyse better and more efficiently the economic, social, environmental and public health consequences of the Union's political choices. IAs play a key role in a policy's entire development cycle, and are also necessary for high-quality legislation, and for its proper transposition and application.
The rapporteur has also found no evidence of fumus persecutionis: that is, a sufficiently serious and precise suspicion that the case has been brought with the intention of causing political damage to the Member. I therefore support the proposal by the Committee on Legal Affairs and voted in favour of waiving the parliamentary immunity of Mrs Hankiss.
The rapporteur has confirmed that the agency is, in fact, part of Euratom and has no budget of its own, which is cause for reflection about the usefulness of it remaining organised as it is. I do not have enough information to adopt a position, but I think that the solution that costs the EU least, and offers the greatest efficiency and transparency, should be chosen.
The rapporteur has managed to reach an agreement on issues as controversial as origin marking, non-textile parts of animal origin, hazardous substances and others.
The rapporteur introduces the key idea of creating a union between all Europeans for innovation.
The rapporteur maintains that the incorporation of the EDF into the Union budget will strengthen democratic control, accountability and transparency of financing.
The rapporteur mentions the need for additional measures to be taken on the Bulgaria-Greece-Turkey border, which is one of the most sensitive in terms of illegal immigration.
The rapporteur proposes the creation of pilot projects under the Erasmus and Erasmus for Young Entrepreneurs programmes, as well as the creation of a European-level platform to promote the exchange of experiences.
The rapporteur referred to the fact that universities are underfunded, and therefore called for them to look for more funding from private sources.
The rapporteur rightly warns of the sensitivity of the Bulgaria-Turkey-Greece region in terms of illegal immigration. I agree with him when he points to the need for Bulgaria to adopt additional measures, including a special plan that includes measures to be applied at the moment of entry to the Schengen area, and an approach to combating a potential sharp increase in migration pressure common to Greece, Turkey and Bulgaria.
The rapporteur states that 'air agreements with neighbouring countries or significant global partners can deliver substantial benefits to passengers, freight operators and airlines, by means [...] of market access'.
The rapporteur was concerned about the transparency of Eurofound's human resources management, and these concerns were echoed by the other members of the Committee on Budgets. I think there would be advantage in those concerns being dispelled.
The rapporteur's aim with this report is for members of the public and businesses to have the right to ensure these judgments are effectively enforced. A necessary component of effective enforcement is that the courts may, as an interim measure, act swiftly to order disclosure and freezing of the debtor's assets.
The rapporteur's arguments that future legislation on 'Made in' origin marking and new World Trade Organisation agreements will soon be a good solution to the problem of defending our industry do not appear to stand up: we are still waiting for the Council to respond regarding origin marking, but it does not seem to have any intention of endorsing a regulation that this House adopted last autumn by an overwhelming majority.
The rapporteur's idea of merging all policies relating to the 2020 agenda into the single area of the MFF looks extremely bold.
The rapporteur's proposal to establish a network of European rating agencies seems more sensible to me, since cooperation between rating agencies active at national level in making use of the available human and financial resources should encourage competition in this area by covering a broad range of activities and different markets, thereby making it possible to achieve the same level as the large rating agencies which have a global scale of operations.
The rapporteur's vision is markedly neoliberal, as is clear from the stress given to breaking down 'barriers faced by those who wish to enter into cross-border transactions in the Internal Market and considers that, along with other measures, the European contract law project could be useful for realising the full potential of the Internal Market'. The liberalisations and deepening of the Internal Market that the EU has been carrying out demonstrate that it is big business that benefits above all.
The rapporteur, Gunnar Hökmark, believes that it is crucial to defend the dates as set out by the Commission (for example, the 800 MHz band should be available for electronic communication services by 1 Jan 2013). Any exceptions or derogations should only be given for purely technical reasons while specific needs for security and defence must be taken into account.
The rapporteur, Mr Manders, in particular has done some sterling work and he ensured that we experienced truly excellent cooperation here in the European Parliament.
The rapporteur, Mr Mikolášik, referred to the question of transparency when allocating funds, as a basic prerequisite for achieving the overall objectives of cohesion policy.
The rapporteurs have managed to defend a clear social dimension in the submitted report, and I have therefore voted in favour of the report.
The rate of unemployment among young people in the EU has exceeded 20%, which is twice as high as the rate for adults, and in some Member States, it has reached 40%. Budget cuts are having a direct effect on young people's prospects and opportunities for development.
The ratio is 1:2. I therefore call for our provisions to enable us, at European level, to gain a better understanding of the world of domestic work so that we can guarantee it better.
The ratio of clearance to new forest growth is even higher than 100%. It is absolutely essential to manage and regulate the felling and clearance of forests at the European level, as long as these countries have such incompetent or corrupt politicians who are either unable or unwilling to halt this trend.
The reaction to the thousands of refugees who are literally being washed ashore in the south of Europe cannot possibly be considered a valid reason for us to start closing our internal borders, even temporarily.
The real importance of the link between urgency and development is highlighted in this context, in which state infrastructures are very weak and the humanitarian crisis is set to last.
The real killer behind the Fukushima disaster is therefore coal, to which they are now switching in Germany, for example.
The real problem is how to finance these ambitions in what are today even more dire circumstances - as we see in the European Council and in the discussions about the euro, and as my colleague, Mr Bokros, has mentioned.
The real problem with fishing today is that 70% of stocks in Europe are overexploited, as a result of the fact that our fleet is clearly oversized.
The real question is whether all EU citizens, irrespective of their national origin, are to be treated equally and granted equal access to EU fundamental rights.
The reality in Member States such as Portugal is the closure of thousands of schools, increasing youth unemployment and reducing the job security of thousands of teachers, as well as the chronic underfunding of the state higher education system and the increased cost of attending it. The reality is that budgets for culture are being slashed to penury levels.
The reality in Member States such as Portugal is the closure of thousands of schools, thousands of teachers being without a job or a secure job, and the chronic underfunding of the state higher-education system and the increased cost of attending it. The reality is that budgets for culture are being slashed to penury levels.
The reality is that so far, Member States have not accepted the idea; namely, when we had the crisis with Greece, the Commission proposed some idea of mutualisation of the debt, which was rejected by most of the Member States in the euro area. I think that there is now some progress in terms of accepting the idea of considering several options, and the Commission will, of course, present several options.
The reality is that some painful measures are unavoidable in Greece and anyone who claims otherwise is lying to the Greek people.
The reality is that there was no agreement between the Member States.
The reality is that this proposal will have a disproportionate impact upon the peripheral Member States in the European Union, such as Ireland, as centrally located Member States have the option of switching to rail.
The reason for a bank refusing to give mortgages to anyone other than residents of the same Member State (even when the relevant bank is a multinational and is represented in a number of Member States by subsidiaries or branches) is that, in the event of a default on the loan, the bank is obliged to proceed with a forced execution procedure in accordance with lex rei sitae (the law of the state where the property for which the mortgage has been arranged by the lending bank is located) and not with the law of the state where the creditor has its registered office.
The reason for this is that all too often the Member States still consider funding from the European Regional Fund to be soft money.
The reason given for this increase is the funding of the 2020 strategy, the one it is said will take us out of the crisis.
The reason that Greeks are on the streets protesting is that they understand perfectly well what the consequence of this EU/IMF takeover will be. The money is not going to ordinary Greek people, it is going to those financial institutions which hold Greek government debt.
The reason we are talking about countries which are broke - and they are broke - is because their ridiculous, ineffective, ignorant politicians consistently spend more money than they can raise.
The reason we have voted in favour is because we refuse to accept the fallacious arguments put forward by the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) and the People's Party (PP) on the industry's competitiveness.
The reason why I voted against the European Parliament's resolution is the wording in paragraph 13, in which the EU Member States are called on to ratify the International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families, something that no EU Member State has done as yet.
The reason why Member States can accept this formula at the moment - which, I must emphasise once again, is a significant progress compared to the previous years - is that lobby organisations do not approach the Council as a European institution, there have been very sporadic examples for that.
The reasoning behind the proposal was that, in certain specific cases, 'where a legislative dossier does not fall clearly within the competence of one committee but is rather equally divided among two or more committees and is of major importance [...] the solution to a conflict of competence should be based on equality and cooperation.
The reasons behind my decision are that revision of the Staff Regulations goes beyond the remit of the Committee on Budgetary Control and does not belong in the 2009 discharge report, but falls instead within the competence of the Legal Affairs Committee, which will be dealing with these issues in the near future. I believe that we have to take an overall approach and make a comprehensive review of the Regulations as a whole, rather than a fragmented one with various reports addressing various regulations.
The rebates have not made the system any fairer, but instead have given rise to a number of new exemptions and corrections.
The recasting of the legislation in this area aims to simplify and standardise the legislative framework, including the administrative formalities, whilst, at the same time, also including appropriate instruments to manage the market disruptions brought about by the serious rise in imports from third countries.
The recent Euro-row over action in Libya and the subsequent German opt-out made it clear to the rest of the world that the EU is still not able to project a real common foreign and security policy.
The recent Russo-Georgian conflict of August 2008 demonstrated how important it is to keep this country within the sphere of European policy.
The recent economic and financial crisis has brought us to our senses and shown us the consequences of the unrestrained consumerism embodied in non-sustainable investments.
The recent financial crisis has demonstrated the need to regulate credit rating agencies (CRAs). Indeed, recent events have opened up the possibility of identifying the failures of their action and of re-examining their status as certifiers of the subjects of their analysis: companies, the public sector, and structured finance instruments.
The recent financial crisis has drawn attention to three key problems in the area of rating agencies, which are the lack of economic competition, the excessive dependency of the regulatory framework on external rating assessments, and the fact that the rating agencies provide no guarantee for their ratings. I am not sure whether the rapporteur's proposal to establish a European Rating Agency is a sensible solution.
The recent financial crisis has highlighted that there are three key problems in the credit rating agencies industry: lack of competition, over-reliance on external ratings in the regulatory framework and no liability for ratings by CRAs.
The recent financial crisis has highlighted the three main problems involving credit rating agencies: lack of competition, due to the scarce importance of rating agencies in global capital markets, as well as the inability to compete, particularly in terms of regulatory standards; over-reliance on external ratings in the regulatory framework for formulating standards, laws and regulations (for example, their increasingly frequent use in determining capital requirements) as well as Central Bank reliance on external credit ratings; and, lastly, the absence of liability for credit rating agencies in relation to the ratings they provide, in which regard the report also proposes to foster the establishment of a European network of credit rating agencies.
The recent financial crisis has highlighted three problems in the industry: a lack of competition, over-reliance on external ratings in the regulatory framework and no liability for ratings on the part of CRAs. I agree with the rapporteur's opinion that credit ratings are not just pure opinions and that CRAs should be accountable for their ratings.
The recent months have witnessed several severe actions taken by the authorities vis-à-vis organised protests, as well as attempts to organise protests inspired by the Arab Spring revolutions.
The recent rise in oil prices has affected the economic viability of the fisheries sector and left many fishers worrying about how to offset these additional costs.
The recent seizure of the disputed border region of Abyei by the Khartoum government suggests that President Bashir is still not fully reconciled to his country's partition.
The recognition of time spent abroad and of qualifications from other EU Member States should be promoted.
The recommendation is the last stage in the procedural process of amending Directive 1999/62/EC on the charging of heavy goods vehicles for the use of certain infrastructures (Eurovignette). It is the fruit of lengthy consultations and compromises with the various political groups.
The recommendations must be applied by Member States to prevent stability being jeopardised.
The reference for capital announced by the EBA is based largely on the current provisions of the Capital Requirements Directive, which already takes into account the different banking structures and the management models which exist in Europe.
The reference framework for the free movement of workers is laid down in Council Regulation (EEC) No 1612/68 on freedom of movement for workers within the Community and has been revised several times.
The referendum carried out in Sudan sought to bring to an end the generalised violence that had been setting the populations of the north and south of the country against each other.
The reform of structural policy for the 2007-2013 programming period led to the separation of rural development from the general framework of the Structural Funds.
The refugee problem cannot be automatically resolved by returning to a regime of border controls.
The regional dimension should be present and contribute to demonstrating the benefit of cohesion policy for the EU. As regards financial instruments, the possibility of using financial engineering instruments should be strengthened, just as provision should be made for Member States and their regions to use multi-fund programmes.
The regions need specific subsidies to help them to become competitive and to develop economically.
The regions will then set and agree very realistic but also ambitious and quantifiable targets together with us in the Commission in a partnership and investment agreement so that, at the end of the period, we will be clearly able to see whether or not the objectives agreed between us have been achieved or perhaps even exceeded.
The register for lobbyists that has now been decided on in the compromise is, of course, very worthwhile, and I hope that we can go further by providing informant protection for whistleblowers. I also hope that we can go further and ensure that the information in the register for financial contingent liabilities or ownership becomes mandatory rather than voluntary, as it is at the moment. I hope, too, that we will have a debate on what subsidiary activities are appropriate from an ethical point of view when we have a job to do as Members of the European Parliament.
The register lacks relevant information.
The register will change little; the lobbyists will always get through. A voluntary system of registration was introduced; it was quite ineffectual.
The register will include information on contacts between these people and lobbyists, and will be publicly accessible. A similar system already operates in the US Congress, and experience there shows that it is a sensible anti-corruption measure. I firmly believe that the expansion of the register will also prove an inspiration for the Parliament of the Czech Republic.
The registration of lobbyists is a big issue and lobbying is a big issue, and we need to push on, use this as an experiment and hopefully, in the future, make it compulsory and mandatory.
The regulation concerns the collection and compilation of data regarding air emissions, environmental taxes applicable to various economic sectors and macroeconomic material flow accounting.
The regulation on enforcement measures to correct excessive macroeconomic imbalances in the euro area is another key piece of the legislative package on economic governance.
The regulations it proposes are cowardly and the lack of transparency surrounding credit rating agencies basically remains as before.
The reintroduction of border controls within the EU does not provide a solution to migration and will, on the contrary, make life more difficult for European citizens and lead to a nationalistic outlook.
The relationship between small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and the economy can be defined in many ways, but in a sense, they are the axis around which any economic system revolves, in this case, the European economies.
The relatively poor take-up of funds for infrastructure and the environment has given rise to the need for a review of the tools which offer encouragement to begin projects in this area.
The relevance of this report in austere times for Europe is proven by the increasing proportion of young people who are unemployed in the various Member States, with the conclusion being that this age group is one of the hardest hit by the global financial crisis.
The relevant information could provide an extremely valuable basis for the purposes of environmental policy making.
The remainder either tagged along or complained when they were forced to give an opinion.
The remaining sums should not be diverted from research and used for other programmes or instruments that do not come within the research and innovation sector or the objectives and scope of FP7.
The removal of these barriers would encourage more SMEs to exploit the potential of e-commerce. I believe SMEs are crucial for economic recovery in many Member States.
The renewed proceedings were opened on 31 March 2010 and suspended the same day because of Mrs Hankiss's parliamentary immunity.
The report I am presenting seeks to tackle this contradiction and suggests possible answers for the other institutions.
The report accurately shows that forestry policy is the responsibility of Member States.
The report acknowledges the key role of SMEs in the transition to an economy characterised by resource efficiency and it is also essential to acknowledge the role of young entrepreneurs.
The report acknowledges the need for more resources to be put in place to meet the objectives of the Europe 2020 strategy, to develop European policies and to meet the commitments arising from enlargement and the Treaty of Lisbon.
The report acknowledges the problems and mistakes during the first decade of economic and monetary union, but does not draw the necessary conclusions, instead calling for a 'more robust' framework for surveillance of national economic policies by the Commission and Council.
The report adopted in plenary today includes a broader package of measures that constitute the proposals for European economic governance.
The report adopted today underlines Parliament's belief that the impact assessments used by the European institutions should be completely independent and transparent.
The report advocates giving the European Union a seat on the United Nations (UN) General Assembly and a permanent seat on the Security Council. A number of voices have been heard advocating this idea in recent times, supported by the amendments introduced by the Treaty of Lisbon, specifically, the attribution of 'legal personality' to the EU. These are amendments whose legitimacy we have always contested.
The report also calls on the European Parliament itself and its committees to carry out impact assessments of draft legislation more often and to scrutinise more closely the impact assessments carried out by the Commission, which frequently serve to justify a legislative proposal rather than to permit an objective consideration of the facts.
The report also emphasises that caring for young people is the best way to prevent future juvenile criminality. I go into these factors in greater depth in the report prepared on the contribution made to the fight against juvenile criminality by policies on gender equality and parental responsibility.
The report also fails to mention the withdrawal of sovereign debt from the agencies' ratings, which is the main measure that could be taken in this area to combat speculation against the euro.
The report also identifies further areas where reforms are required in order to build the critical mass necessary to ensure fiscal sustainability and economic recovery.
The report also mentions that the common agricultural policy should be fairer and more equitable, with a distribution of financial resources between countries that is more balanced, and a system of direct support for farmers that is fairer and based on environmental and social criteria.
The report also no longer includes our proposal for the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund and the European Social Fund to be merged.
The report also points out that financing opportunities should be widened, simplified, and made more readily available, using the funding currently provided under the European Social Fund, the Lifelong Learning Programme as a whole, and Erasmus for Young Entrepreneurs.
The report also proposes increasing, particularly through the European External Action Service, the resources placed at the disposal of a political and diplomatic agenda whose goals include increasing the EU's weight and influence in various forums and organisations, with a view to exploiting them.
The report also reaches out to young farmers who, as we know, struggle to get started in the sector.
The report also refers to the inspections carried out at our border with Turkey, which meet the Schengen requirements and prove our readiness. I sincerely hope that this report will be voted for at the next session of the European Council because the faster we move on this issue, the more we will all gain - politically, economically and socially.
The report also requires that the funds earmarked for them after 2013 be at least equal to those they are receiving in the current programming period.
The report also states, and I apologise for this, that the reconciliation commission that has just been mentioned did not have an investigative element of a sufficiently high standard.
The report also underlines that one of the weaknesses of the Lisbon Strategy was the lack of well-functioning multi-level governance and the insufficient involvement of regional, local authorities and civil society in the design, implementation, communication and evaluation stages of the strategy.
The report also urges the EU and the Member States to adopt an ambitious research plan to consolidate the European defence industry.
The report and work of the Committee on Legal Affairs make it quite clear that there are no reasons to believe that the Romanian authorities are acting against Mr Severin with the intent of persecution; notwithstanding that the position of the fake lobbying agency may generate doubts concerning the propriety of conduct on the part of information operators, the fact remains that the issue in question does not appear to fall into the category of cases in which immunity can legitimately be made to matter. I vote in favour of the request for waiver of immunity.
The report as a whole is driven by the philosophy of linking vocational education and training to the needs of the market and of businesses within the EU 2020 strategy, a strategy which further erodes the social fabric and workers' rights.
The report asks for the creation of the status of European artist, so that artists may be able to enjoy satisfactory working conditions and appropriate measures with regard to tax systems, their right to work, social security rights and copyright, in order to improve their mobility across the EU. I am also at one with the rapporteur in emphasising the need to preserve the specific nature of certain trades and the transfer of know-how, especially in the cultural, creative and crafts sector, and to guarantee mechanisms for knowledge transfer.
The report being examined today contains some aspects that are welcome and others that are less so, thus representing in the best (or worst) possible way the typical contradictions that the European Union reveals in its external actions.
The report by Mr Audy learns lessons from the first part of the Framework Programme for research.
The report by Mr Cadec presents us with a proposal for a recommendation on the draft Council decision on the conclusion of a protocol setting out the fishing opportunities and related financial contribution provided for in the Fisheries Partnership Agreement between the European Community and the Republic of Seychelles. A bilateral fisheries agreement was signed by the European Union and the Republic of Seychelles in 1987. A protocol was in force from 2006, before expiring on 17 January 2011.
The report by Mr Capoulas Santos presents us with a proposal for a recommendation on the draft Council decision on the conclusion of a protocol setting out the fishing opportunities and related financial contribution provided for in the Fisheries Partnership Agreement (FPA) between the European Community and the Democratic Republic of São Tomé and Príncipe.
The report by Mr Garriga Polledo is crucial, almost a complete recast: it recommends a very strong political and financial framework for the European Union.
The report by Mr Vlasák, whom I thank, on the European Urban Agenda and its Future in Cohesion Policy presents a very balanced vision of the urban dimension within cohesion policy, which takes into account all the positions expressed by the groups during the debate in the Committee on Regional Development.
The report by Mrs Honeyball points out that, from many perspectives, it is best to make a start with education in the early years.
The report by Mrs Rosbach is a critical analysis of the Commission's communication 'GDP and beyond - Measuring progress in a changing world'. While the Commission's aim - to adopt a measuring system that would go beyond gross domestic product to provide a more comprehensive picture of a country's progress and development, including, for example, environmental sustainability and social inclusion - is important and non-controversial, the rapporteur questions the strategy that the Commission is proposing to achieve it. The initiatives suggested are not, in fact, part of a tiered, pragmatic strategy indicating how the new 'Beyond GDP' approach should be used. I share this view, and therefore I voted in favour of Mrs Rosbach's report.
The report by my colleague, Mr Audy, on the Seventh Framework Programme of the European Union for research, technological development and demonstration activities (FP7) reveals a low level of participation by SMEs and industry in general, a low number of female researchers and under-representation of certain Member States. I think it is necessary to develop effective coordination of research between the EU and national and regional authorities.
The report by the Committee on Legal Affairs, which was voted for unanimously, concluded that the present case does not come within the scope of the political activities of Mrs Hankiss as a Member of this House.
The report by the Special committee on the policy challenges and budgetary resources defines Parliament's political priorities for the post-2013 Multiannual Financial Framework.
The report calls for adopting an approach focused on results in terms of apprenticeships, improving the recognition of formal and informal apprenticeships, and setting up assistance centres and schemes for those apprentices who struggle the most.
The report calls for excessive sustainability criteria to be applied to forest management within the EU, without taking into consideration regional factors and the powers of the individual countries.
The report calls for the elimination of forced labour as well as the abolition of child labour, and also highlights the need for more focus on the protection of workers' rights.
The report calls for the establishment of mandatory risk committees at board level, for financial institutions to be required to disclose recovery planning and supervisory reports, for an annual report to be drafted on the adequacy and effectiveness of their internal control systems, and for a similar assessment to be included in the annual report drawn up by external auditors.
The report calls for the payment of fines by any Member States that do not meet the requirements imposed on them by the Stability and Growth Pact.
The report calls for the strengthening of basic employment standards, which are enshrined in the conventions of the International Labour Organisation, including freedom of association and collective bargaining, the elimination of forced and compulsory labour, the elimination of discrimination in the workplace and the abolition of child labour.
The report calls on Member States to exchange good practices regarding their vocational education system and training systems combined with work experience, which should be extended in many Member States, particularly in France.
The report calls on the Member States to implement core labour law standards for businesses in their own countries.
The report clarifies what goes without saying; that it is impossible to support innovation without supporting research and education.
The report clearly states - and here we support the Commissioner - that the agricultural budget should remain at the current level in the next financial period. I cannot understand President Barroso's statement that massive cuts are to be made in the second pillar. I believe that there will be cross-group opposition to this.
The report considers the European Parliament resolution on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on the installation, location, operation and identification of the controls of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors.
The report contains important lessons for us to learn from the financial crisis with regard to risk, boards of directors, supervisory bodies, shareholders and remuneration. I have therefore voted in favour of this report.
The report contains some important points, including increasing the quota of women in work, recognition of informal learning and promotion of languages with the goal of providing mobility programmes. I am particularly pleased that the focus has been placed on education and training for young people, which is something that I will actively support in the flagship initiatives that follow.
The report covers several aspects of the urban dimension of Cohesion Policy such as multi-level governance, partnership principle, sub-delegation of responsibilities, integrated strategic planning and comprehensive financial planning.
The report covers the framework to evaluate individual air agreements, taking into account the changes under the Lisbon Treaty, to be used for all future negotiations, conclusions and parliamentary approval thereof (via consent). Relevant criteria for air agreements with third countries include balanced access to markets and investment opportunities, as well as fair competition in terms of state subsidies, environmental and social standards. I voted in favour.
The report deals with enforcement measures to correct excessive macroeconomic imbalances in the euro area. I supported this report, just as I support the economic governance package as a whole.
The report deals with requirements for the budgetary frameworks of the Member States. I supported this report, just as I support the economic governance package as a whole.
The report deals with the implementation of the excessive deficit procedure. I am in favour, in particular, of calculating debt reduction according to an average rate calculated over a three-year period, rather than according to a fixed rate each year over a three-year period. I supported this report, just as I support the economic governance package as a whole.
The report deals with the prevention and correction of macroeconomic imbalances, and advocates increased supervision. I support the principles behind this, just as I support the economic governance package as a whole.
The report did, however, show that some progress is being made.
The report does not therefore provide the necessary balance as better protection is required for the rights of debtors.
The report does not touch on this organisational issue, and no amount of risk boards or competence criteria for directors can avoid the harmful consequences of speculating on families' savings for profit.
The report emphasises fair competition and, hence, the need to monitor, among other things, state funding, while having regard to environmental issues and ensuring a high level of passenger rights.
The report emphasises the guiding role of the European Union as an effective global actor on the international stage.
The report examines the effectiveness of the Development Cooperation Instrument (DCI) in relation to the debate on the Multiannual Financial Framework. A reassessment of the overall structure of external funding instruments appears to be appropriate.
The report focuses its recommendations on the balance between the role of Member States and the Commission; the necessity to make early school a broader service inspired by good practices in Member States where 'maternelles' and kindergartens are a right of parents; inclusion of all children, whatever their social background ('notion of public service'); caring for migrant children and their integration in early schools; the inclusion of arts and all tools to enhance the children's creativity; training of educators for better intercultural skills; gender parity while working in structures for early learning; and creation of new and well qualified jobs.
The report focuses on a topic that is enormously important in today's world.
The report for 2010 confirmed my beliefs regarding Cedefop's effectiveness.
The report has also persuaded me that European solidarity should be strengthened by the creation of intermediate regions in order to ensure that the cohesion policy provides fair coverage for the whole of Europe.
The report has been elaborated mainly on the basis of the following two documents: the Communication from the Commission to the European Parliament, the Council and the Court of Auditors entitled 'Cohesion Policy: Strategic Report 2010 on the implementation of the programmes 2007-2013', and the Commission Staff Working Document accompanying the Communication.
The report highlights the added value of 'territorial cooperation' and its potential to promote competitiveness.
The report in question has had a long and difficult journey, and finally made it to the plenary session having lost much of its content along the way.
The report includes more, but the most important proposals are to overcome the excessive budget deficit and to finalise means of combating deficits in the future.
The report includes the 'new' CAP in the anti-grassroots Europe 2020 strategy, in the aim of ruining small and medium-sized holdings and concentrating land, production, subsidies and trade solely in the hands of the capitalist agricultural companies.
The report introduces several important aspects of the mid-term review of the Seventh Framework Programme (FP7) of the European Union for research and technological development.
The report is a mid-term review of this flagship initiative, assessing the process and implementation so far and launching the debate on its future governance, exploitation and financing in the EU system.
The report is balanced because it focuses on animal welfare, the problems of antibiotic resistance and cost-effectiveness as far as the farms are concerned.
The report is divided into five parts: security and foreign policy, security and defence, external and internal security, security through operations and security in partnership.
The report nevertheless draws attention to the fact that questions of investment and trade in services need to be raised in trade discussions with Japan in order to ensure that the further opening up of the market does not compromise either European or Japanese rules on the protection of public services, the environment and cultural diversity.
The report notes that, of the 32 recommendations drawn up by the Internal Audit Service (IAS), one recommendation, on the Agency's implementing procedures regarding experts, was classed as 'critical' and 12, relating primarily to human resources management and management of conflicts of interest calling staff members into question were classed as 'very important'.
The report observes that most immigrant children in the EU are educated without adequate linguistic knowledge.
The report of MEP Sajjad Karim contains a legislative resolution on the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on indications or marks identifying the lot to which a foodstuff belongs (codified text). The purpose of this proposal is to undertake the codification of Council Directive 89/396/EEC of 14 June 1989 on indications or marks identifying the lot to which a foodstuff belongs. I totally support the new directive because it will supersede the various acts incorporated in it; this proposal fully preserves the content of the acts being codified and hence does no more than bring them together with only such formal amendments as are required by the codification exercise itself. I voted 'in favour'.
The report of Sajjad Karim contains a legislative resolution of the European Parliament on the proposal for a Council regulation on denominations and technical specifications of euro coins intended for circulation.
The report of Toine Manders is aimed at helping the buyers of textile products.
The report on European cooperation in vocational education and training to support the Europe 2020 strategy satisfactorily identifies the objectives that we set ourselves a while ago with that very same strategy.
The report on a New Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF) for a competitive, sustainable and inclusive Europe is a valuable piece of collective analysis on the future configurations of the EU budget.
The report on the 2009 discharge for the European Medicines Agency provided for postponement of the discharge. I voted in favour of this report for three main reasons.
The report on the 2009 discharge for the European Police College provided for the postponement of the discharge. I voted in favour of this report in order to acknowledge the structural problems that the College has been facing for many years now.
The report on the external dimension of social policy relates to a priority for the EU social policies.
The report on this case - on this ski lift project - shows that the local media delight in seeing someone or other on the ground.
The report on unlocking the potential of cultural and creative industries is closely connected in many respects with the report on the Innovation Union. I would like, in particular, to draw attention to the significance that is given to the education of citizens, involving, among other things, a better understanding of the issue and respect for the protection of works involving intellectual property rights.
The report outlines the need for the European Union to operate in the global context as a stabilising force, endeavouring to keep the peace, strengthen international security and manage crisis situations. I voted in favour of this report because I join the chorus of disappointment in Parliament at the European Union's lack of a genuinely global and uniform post-Lisbon approach to the common security policy.
The report prepared by the rapporteur touches upon the subject of access to classified documents - as was also mentioned by the rapporteur in his introductory remarks - which was an important question in dealing with this dossier.
The report presents a proposal for an amendment to the Rules of Procedure according to which the conditions for the application of Rule 51 would be verified more closely and according to more stringent criteria, including by the Conference of Presidents.
The report presents the lessons learned, with a particular focus on the experience gained by the European Parliament during its democratic scrutiny of the implementation of the Development Cooperation Instrument (DCI). Part of the report is dedicated to perspectives for the future and finally, the report looks at geographic and thematic programmes, insisting on strict eligibility criteria for budget support, emphasising the important role that civil society plays in development and the application of the delegated acts procedure for those decisions which fulfil the criteria of Article 290 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU). I voted in favour of this motion so that the European Parliament has the possibility to exercise scrutiny over strategic programming decisions on an equal footing with the Council.
The report proposes, among other things, that minimum requirements for corporate social responsibility be laid down by means of a legal framework, that the term be better defined and that fulfilment of the requirements be better monitored.
The report provides a clear vision of how the EU should implement its general security policy and defence policy in order to become the strongest autonomous strategically acting player, with the aim to provide security and stability in Europe and the world. I voted 'in favour'.
The report provides for a simplified CAP structured around two pillars: the first pillar being fully financed by the EU budget and the second pillar providing for multiannual programming and a cofinancing approach.
The report puts forward several proposals for the role it should play, starting with that of being a crisis management board able to provide a genuinely integrated response to crises, and we are delighted to see that it is taking shape.
The report received my vote because allowing individual citizens to play a part in shaping society represents a positive step.
The report recognises that the agricultural sector must continue to be supported by government price intervention, because quantities produced cannot be predicted or planned precisely and demand for agricultural products is low in price elasticity.
The report refers to the 'Youth on the Move' programme, which allows young people and youth organisations to do more at European level (seminars, meetings, trips) and to take an active part in debates on policies relating to young people, with financial assistance from the EU. The positive points in the report include frequent references to the importance of access to education, opposition to cutbacks in spending on education and training and a call for increased funding for them so that, all other things being equal, everyone will be able to take part in this programme.
The report refers to the Commission's statement to the effect that it wants to propose to incorporate the EDF into the Union budget during discussions on the next financial framework, and that it will keep Parliament's Committee on Budgetary Control fully informed of this initiative.
The report represents a move in the right direction in that it makes every effort to make farming more dynamic and competitive, so that it is better equipped to meet the objectives set by the Europe 2020 strategy.
The report rightly highlights the great wave of civil protest in Tunisia, Egypt and Libya, and also in Syria, Bahrain and Yemen, and points out events, contexts and expectations for each of these countries, as well as other subjects of particular interest, such as our strong transatlantic alliance and our hugely important relations with Russia.
The report says that compliance with the necessary conditions for application of the acquis in question - data protection, the Schengen Information System (SIS), air borders, land borders, sea borders, political cooperation and visas - was evaluated on the ground, and progress in the implementation of measures aiming for the abolition of checks at the internal borders with these Member States was confirmed in situ.
The report seeks to correct the vulnerabilities of national economies by increasing - excessively in my view - the authority of the EU over the Member States themselves, thus sacrificing their freedom and powers in relation to finance. I therefore cannot vote in favour of this report.
The report sets out some general principles regarding good communication between Parliament and the Commission when international air agreements are adopted and regarding the development of common methods for evaluating those agreements.
The report sets out various priorities, some of which are important and others less so, but in any case, they are all very expensive.
The report sets some important objectives: it targets ordinary people and workers through social innovation; it introduces measures to facilitate access to credit and finance for small and medium-sized enterprises; and, above all, it establishes an increasingly close and direct relationship linking together businesses, research centres and our universities.
The report shows where the effort should be intensified.
The report states that the European status of artists and of those engaged in creative professions should be officially recognised, and that in cultural industry, small and medium-sized enterprises should be fully recognised as such for the purposes of access to credit and support when starting up, especially for young people under the age of 35. It also promises to protect jobs, and to introduce specific training and innovative financial instruments, bearing in mind that capital in the creative sector often consists of values that are intangible but nonetheless crucial for innovation in all sectors.
The report states that the purpose of development policy should not be to defend the EU's interests, but rather those of the most vulnerable populations on the planet; it draws attention to the excessive focus on investments to be made by the private sector, as well as the constraints imposed on the public sector; it warns of the need for funds not to be diverted from already underfinanced sectors, giving the example of support for local authorities; it criticises any attempt to cut the funding of the DCI and the European Development Fund; and it stresses once again that not enough progress has been made with the Millennium Development Goals (MDG) and that there is a need to increase Official Development Assistance (ODA).
The report stipulates that action on climate change cannot be funded from the development budget.
The report stresses the fact that there is a need for implementation of decent work programmes that reflect national needs and priorities regarding employment and social policy, and are based on agreement between employers, workers and governments.
The report stresses very clearly that without sufficient additional resources in the post-2013 MFF, the Union will not be able to fulfil the existing policy priorities, linked, in particular, to the Europe 2020 strategy, or the new tasks provided for by the Treaty of Lisbon, let alone respond to unforeseen events. I voted in favour of this report also because it calls for a more transparent, simpler and fairer financing system for the European Union.
The report strikes a balance on civilian-military cooperation in crisis resolution and on EU-NATO interaction: on the one hand, it avoids relegating the EU exclusively to trade, development and humanitarian issues, the course pursued by the ECR Group, and, on the other, it rejects the GUE/NGL Group's insistence on excluding any military component from the CFSP.
The report sufficiently highlights innovation, which constitutes a necessary means of helping respond to many of the problems and challenges facing humanity today.
The report supporting Romania's inclusion in this area, adopted by the European Parliament, only serves to confirm that the opinions of the Union's experts are correct - Romania has done a good job, made its borders secure and fulfilled all the required conditions.
The report supports the reduction in the differences between the funds received as direct payments by the various Member States, regions and sectors.
The report takes as its basis a number of ILO conventions and, on the basis of these, it proposes that the EU should protect workers' rights and the rule of labour law when the EU enters into trade agreements with third countries, for example.
The report talks us through the ways in which our common cultural image and the artistic achievements of small nations and Member States of the European Union in contact with the cultures of other nations can raise the standard of our public debate and even ease our diplomats' and strategists' burden in finding solutions to innumerable crises, at home and around us. By refusing to observe borders, new media and new technologies are opening up immense opportunities in the process. I would have liked the report to have devoted a word or two to books, to the idea, for example, that books should not be subject to taxation.
The report that we are adopting today grants the President discharge in respect of the implementation of the European Parliament budget for the financial year 2009.
The report thus highlights many good practices capable of helping to enhance the quality of the reporting exercise, increasing ownership by stakeholders within the Member States, and ultimately improving the efficiency of implementation.
The report touches upon the key issue of insufficient cooperation and exchange of information between Member States, which results in the duplication of individual projects. A further alarming matter is the unequal participation of the Member States, which results in greater imbalances in an area as important as research and technological development.
The report was adopted in the Committee on Foreign Affairs by an overwhelming majority where I voted 'in favour' too.
The report was already adopted unanimously by the ITRE Committee, takes on board the recommendations of the expert group and identifies further scope for improvement of the various EU research instruments.
The report we are discussing today is particularly important because it provides for the amendment of Directive 1999/62/EC on the charging of heavy goods vehicles. I believe that the submission of this proposal for a new directive, the fruit of the compromise reached between the Hungarian Presidency, the Commission and Parliament, is very damaging to the Italian economy, since Italy transports around a third - or approximately EUR 200 billion a year - of all the traded goods hauled on Europe's roads.
The report we have produced, drawn up under the leadership of Mr Garriga Polledo, is a genuinely good result.
The report will, if appropriate, be accompanied by legislative proposals.
The report's ideological framework suddenly becomes clear: the problem of employment is a problem for the individual and not an eminently social one, with the individual - and not society - having to solve it, whether by increasing their 'employability' or by becoming an 'entrepreneur'; a tax system that is profit-friendly and, therefore, imposed mainly on workers and consumers; and education and training totally at the beck and call of capital.
The report's proposal is to analyse the viability of an optional instrument in this area, formalised with a regulation and complemented with a 'toolbox', which would make it possible to ensure legal certainty and security.
The report, moreover, calls on Mauritanian authorities and the Commission to ensure that strict sustainability criteria are respected by all vessels exercising fishing activities in Mauritanian waters (either from the EU, Mauritania or third countries).
The report, which I voted for, rightly finds that this support needs to be provided at four levels (EU, national, regional and local), by using the corresponding economic and political tools available in each instance (Community funds, national strategic programmes, regional operational programmes and local and private resources).
The report, which was published very recently, made credible allegations that both government forces and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam failed to respect the norms of international law.
The reports being discussed in Parliament are not reassuring because of the grave deficiencies which still exist at air, land and sea borders, starting with the performance of border controls.
The reports on the CFSP of the EU and its role on the international stage, which was supported by the main coalition of the political representatives of capital in the European Parliament, namely the conservatives, social democrats and liberals, illustrate its acutely reactionary character and anti-grassroots role.
The representatives of the EU should therefore make it abundantly clear to President Medvedev that the forthcoming elections to the Duma are a test of the credibility of his reform policy.
The request referred to the redundancies within the enterprise General Motors Belgium and in four of its suppliers.
The request to increase the post-2013 EU budget by 5%, and therefore to increase the total European Union GNI from 1.06% to 1.11%, corresponds to a desire to honour commitments made to support growth and development, first and foremost, the Europe 2020 strategy, for which adequate resources are needed.
The required approach must put the emphasis on specific skills so as to facilitate integration into the labour market.
The requirement for Members to list their meetings with lobbyists on legislative matters annexed to their reports is also an important step towards greater transparency, which is needed in this type of relationship in order to avoid the kind of situations that have arisen in the past.
The requirements have been met by Bulgaria and Romania and I congratulate Mr Coelho on having combined freedom of movement with the security of citizens in his balanced report, which has been adopted by the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs.
The requirements of the EIA Directive are actually clearly and strictly stated in this respect.
The research which has been done, most of which I am afraid is not within the EU, shows that, if you give children support and what they need when they are young, it helps them in later life: it cuts down on crime, improves health and cuts down on unemployment, therefore benefiting all of us.
The resolution adopted by the Committee on Regional Development proposes the creation, as from the forthcoming post-2013 programming period, of a single strategic framework to ensure a common approach and to capitalise on synergies between all actions which serve to further cohesion policy objectives as defined by the Treaties and funded by the ERDF, the Cohesion Fund, the European Social Fund (ESF), the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development (EAFRD) and the European Fisheries Fund (EFF).
The resolution adopted by the European Parliament is our first contribution to the debate on the future financial perspective. I wholeheartedly support the proposal to increase the European Union's budget in the upcoming budgetary perspective. I believe that the European Union needs an ambitious budget, which will correspond to the challenges facing us. Reducing or freezing the European budget, as proposed by some of the Member States, is not a good solution for the European economy.
The resolution adopted today highlights the fact that the establishment of a common register ensures the widest participation of the various categories of operators while respecting their differences and specific identities.
The resolution adopted today is a first step towards ensuring that Europe's workers are put in a position to adapt to the requirements of the economy.
The resolution also emphasises that the EU is very much in favour of the conclusion of a free trade agreement with Japan, but that in order for this to happen, Japan must abolish non-tariff barriers and remove all obstacles to the development of cooperation.
The resolution also outlines the energy savings potential that SMEs have - currently only 24% of SMEs are engaged in actions to reduce their environmental impact-energy efficiency; if SMEs applied cost-effective energy efficiency measures, they could reduce their energy bills and increase reinvestment.
The resolution contains the correct recommendations addressed to the European representatives who will be taking part in the summit, reminding them that the EU must exercise its political power to persuade Russia to assume its share of the responsibility for solving the problems that afflict the world today in the political, economic, geopolitical and environmental sphere.
The resolution denounces the exceedingly high number of scams carried out to the detriment of thousands of small businesses across the entire European Union and highlights the defective transposition by Member States of the 2006 directive on misleading advertising.
The resolution focuses, in particular, on: (1) the regulatory environment, calling for better implementation of the SME test - in particular, in Member States - and for a reduction in bureaucracy and administrative burdens; (2) improving SMEs' access to finance through additional funding and instruments within the EIB (such as the RSFF and equity financing) and an enlarged (and independent) CIP; (3) improvements needed to ensure the participation of SMEs in public procurement; (4) simplification and better targeted R&D&I programmes to promote SMEs' innovation management capacity, access to R&D&I services and knowledge-based business services, through, for instance, technology transfer centres and universities; (5) the need for more attention to be paid to skills needed and other social and labour market issues affecting entrepreneurship and SMEs' capacities to fulfil their employment potential, in particular, managerial skills, digital skills and sustainability skills; (6) action to improve resource efficiency: sectoral SME projects to identify resource efficiency innovation in the value and supply chains; the adoption of an ambitious eco-innovation action plan and more funds for it through the CIP; more cost-effective energy efficiency measures to help SMEs reduce energy bills;
The resolution from the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament highlighted the importance of a free trade agreement with India, while mentioning the continuing inequalities in this country and the need to include in the agreement some clauses on human, social and environmental rights.
The resolution is an expression of Parliament's concern for the state of the fisheries sector, the financial condition of fishing firms and the market price of fish.
The resolution notes that the Court of Auditors reported on this issue in respect of the award of three framework contracts of a total amount of EUR 2 575 000, and stresses, in particular, that in these three cases the financial offers differed considerably both in unit prices and in the tenderers' estimates of the number of man-days necessary for implementation of the same scenario.
The resolution on antimicrobial resistance (AMR) comes at a time when AMR represents an animal health problem for the European livestock sector, which needs to be able to rely on antimicrobial treatments being safe and effective in the near future.
The resolution on textile fibre names and related labelling and marking of textile products which has been adopted by the European Parliament is particularly important for the textile sector in the European Union.
The resolution takes into account the WTO system and the fact that in 2009, for example, the EU and Japan represented together a quarter of world GDP, and that in 2010, bilateral trade between the two regions was worth EUR 120 billion.
The resolution thus expresses support for the principle of the self-determination of peoples and recognises the right of the Christian community of South Sudan to establish a state for itself, free of the authority of the Muslim majority.
The resolution urges the Commission to verify Member States' correct transposition, implementation and national enforcement of the directive and to speed up its activities with regard to revising and improving the directive and other relevant legislation so as to put an end to the misleading practices of business directory companies as soon as possible, notably by specifically blacklisting misleading practices by business directories.
The resolution was adopted in plenary on 8 May 2008.
The resolution was the subject of a long debate between the European Parliament and the Council.
The resolution we are going to vote on this week will provide the guiding line for upcoming negotiations on the next-generation development instrument. I hope that this House will give broad support to the proposals from the Committee on Development which have been carried out in quiet disquisition but based on our experience of the negotiations we went into - and I remind the House that we merged 14 regulations into one in the DCI.
The response of the British authorities was that an exemption applies in the case of Sellafield because power is no longer being generated there.
The response to these challenges will have to be sought in the Europe 2020 strategy, which should be the policy reference of the next MFF.
The responses we should bring to the challenges that face us - the economic crisis, the rapid rise of the emerging economies, climate change, turbulent demographic change and so on - can only be effective if we create them collectively, at European level. I am absolutely convinced that we should move in the direction of greater involvement of the European Union.
The responsibility of the regions for implementing European objectives brings added value in itself.
The responsible committee recommends (unanimously) waiving parliamentary immunity because the Central District Court of Buda, Budapest, is asking the European Parliament to waive the immunity of its Member, Ágnes Hankiss, in connection with renewed criminal proceedings ordered by the judgment of the Supreme Court of the Republic of Hungary given on 12 November 2009. Ágnes Hankiss is accused by a private plaintiff of an alleged offence of defamation of honour committed in public (Section 179 of the Hungarian Criminal Code) and, in particular the defamation of the memory of a dead person, the plaintiff's father, under Section 181 of the Hungarian Criminal Code, as a result of a statement made during the programme 'Péntek 8 mondatvadász' on 23 January 2004.
The restoration of the rule of law in Madagascar is an absolute priority and requires the organisation of free, transparent and democratic elections supported by international aid and, first and foremost, the European Union.
The restriction on the powers of the constitutional court has already been mentioned, and on behalf of our group, I would also like to mention the discriminatory nature of the constitution in relation to members of sexual minorities, as it fails to prohibit discrimination based on sexual orientation.
The restrictions on Belarus imposed by the EU are therefore fully justified and should even be stepped up.
The result I wanted to achieve was for us to send a signal as Parliament that we are addressing the important aspects that are necessary if European farmers are to have a good future.
The result is the multiplication and deepening of social inequalities.
The result of our work is a very balanced and pragmatic draft of an interinstitutional agreement, which we are presenting to the House for consideration and debate today.
The result of the negotiations is the final agreement between the three institutions - the European Parliament, the Council and the European Commission - and it will surely be confirmed by the Council of 24 June, despite the contradictions existing at EU level.
The result of this process was communicated to the European Parliament by a letter sent the next day, 21 June. I share the view that during the trilogues the quality of the text has improved a lot, and that the package has become stronger and more coherent.
The result would be the submission of a single, more balanced report [...] to plenary'.
The results are plain to see: instead of the promised convergence, what we have is a visible divergence, exacerbated by the effects of the economic and social crisis, and by the functioning and development of instruments like the Single Market, to the benefit of some and to the clear detriment of others.
The results of the elections also send a very clear signal from Moldova's citizens that their aspiration to become a prosperous, democratic society and for the Republic of Moldova to be integrated into the European Union is strong and real.
The results of the public stakeholder consultation, as well as the selected pilot projects, will be presented at the dedicated conference organised in June 2011, this year in Budapest under the auspices of the Hungarian Presidency.
The results of the referendum in Sudan are an unequivocal indication of the desire of the people of South Sudan for independence, as they have been demanding for many years.
The results of these stress tests carried out by the CEBS were published, in line with the European Council's June 2010 guidelines.
The results were not made public, because the market was very sensitive, it was said at the time.
The revenues generated from this toll charge increase will have to be reinvested in transport infrastructure, with at least 15% to be earmarked initially for trans-European transport projects.
The review clause - and again I thank the Council for having stressed its importance and declared their willingness to work with the Commission immediately to transpose the regulation - requires the Commission to submit a report, possibly followed by a legislative proposal, by 30 September 2013. I am determined to cut down the time required and have already instructed my staff to start work.
The review has identified certain patterns, of which I note two in particular.
The review of the directive in line with Parliament's position will have considerable negative effects on competitiveness and economic development for several Member States, such as Portugal.
The review of the system for managing radio frequencies at European level is very important, and I believe that we must clearly prevent the accumulation of frequency rights and the creation of monopolies and oligopolies, which unfortunately exist in some European countries and which are becoming stronger and gaining a foothold in the broadcasting sector.
The review will therefore provide an opportunity to reaffirm my support for origin marking and clarify this issue once and for all, as it is an essential instrument for the competitiveness of European companies and the health of EU citizens.
The review's five guidelines to reduce pressure on SMEs include simplifying the rules on VAT and reducing the rates, and a directive on late payments, but that is just tinkering with existing rules and regulations.
The revision of the Eurovignette Directive is crucial in order to integrate more effectively the cost of pollution caused by road transport, something which will now be possible thanks to the opportunity for the Member States to take into account air and noise pollution, as well as congestion of certain routes, when setting toll charges for heavy goods vehicles.
The revision of the Eurovignette Directive requires that heavy good vehicles circulating on European motorways be subject to the 'polluter pays' principle, allowing the Member States to include the cost of noise and air pollution in national tolls.
The revolutions will only be able to succeed if these two problems are resolved in tandem.
The right candidate would have been Germany's Axel Weber.
The right systematically opposed the amendments that I tabled on behalf of the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament in order to rule out any liberalisation of public services, strongly condemn child labour, request legally binding clauses on corporate social responsibility and demand respect for the principle of equal pay for equal work with regard to Indians who will come and work in Europe in the future.
The right to cultural development and other fundamental rights is increasingly facilitated by these technologies.
The right to legal aid must be guaranteed in both the state issuing the warrant and the one executing it so that the right to defence is applied in an appropriate manner.
The right which has been guaranteed to precise information about the ability to withdraw from a contract, the price of a product, the costs of delivery, the total cost of a purchase and details of the trader is intended to increase the security of such transactions and will also be a stimulus to sales.
The right's rejection of these requests is particularly regrettable.
The rights of the emerging economies mean that it is in the fundamental interest of the European Union, its citizens and its Member States for us to be more united and thus more effective in advancing our causes and our interests on the global scene.
The rise of cities as economic drivers for regions and entire countries means that the urban agenda must be based on spatial strategies that recognise the role of cities as not just places to live and work but as providing a service to those in the hinterland and beyond.
The rising economic importance of Asia, the revolutionary movements in Africa, the increased terrorist threat, the need to establish joint and sustainable European raw materials strategies and ever more frequent violations of human rights are just a few of the problems with which EU diplomacy has to contend today.
The role of completing the implementation of the changes must be given to the European Commission and not to Member States, so as to ensure protection of the common interest.
The role of external ratings as hard triggers is particularly significant when downgrading from investment grade to sub investment grade.
The role of our agencies is to give us the means to take decisions and to enable our fellow citizens to have confidence in the guidelines that are given.
The role of the European Union is to help them.
The role played by local education institutions, as well as local and regional authorities in the area of education and mobility, is also very important, which is why I believe it is important to support the mobility of teachers and youth and education workers, since they are the ones who can motivate youth.
The role played by the credit rating agencies (CRAs) is undoubtedly important for the current market economy.
The rules can be improved when approving the new Schengen evaluation mechanism applicable to all Member States, without resorting to double standards.
The rules on budgetary discipline and on complying with and enforcing it should be strengthened, in particular by giving a more prominent role to the level and evolution of debt and overall sustainability. I therefore agree with an assessment of the sustainability of public finances, including the debt level, debt profile - including maturity - and debt dynamics.
The rules on free movement of citizens benefit all countries in the European Union.
The rules on imports, many of which originate with illegal fishing, remain unfair competition for EU production: new monitoring obligations require companies to mobilise more of their resources and the general crisis does not exactly encourage increased consumption of quality products.
The rules-based multilateral trade system put in place by the World Trade Organisation (WTO) represents the most suitable framework for regulating and promoting open and fair trade, and the EU is in favour of incorporating developing countries into the international trade system.
The ruling by the Moscow court once again revealed serious flaws in Russia's court system and strengthened the opinion that it punishes those in Russia who have political ambitions, but whose opinions do not coincide with those of the Kremlin.
The ruling made on 31 May by the European Court of Human Rights and violations in Russia of the European Convention on Human Rights are facts that must also be discussed.
The rural development dimension is also relevant to those countries that recently joined the EU. Unfortunately, the number of workers migrating has been highest in rural areas.
The safety of Europeans, who increasingly use the services of airlines, as well as of airline employees, necessitates a particular level of performance in seeking the best solutions for managing this type of traffic, as well as monitoring and comparing the methodologies already applied in the various Member States, with a view to everyone adopting the best practices and safe, economical and innovative solutions.
The same Member States have also given it a mandate to negotiate economic partnership agreements.
The same applies to all States, I would point out, and not just to Romania and Bulgaria. I hope that this confidence remains secure over the long term so that we are able to maintain this freedom of travel, this freedom of movement within the European Union as a major public good over the long term.
The same applies to the international financial institutions and multilateral security organisations.
The same conditions apply to environmental policy as to economic, redistribution, development and industrial policy.
The same goes for checking and controlling the information that is circulating.
The same goes for the foetus, the protection of the foetus, or, for example, for the Hungarian Republic's checks and balances.
The same people meant well when they helped to create the biofuels rush, pushing the price of food beyond the reach of the world's poor.
The sarcophagus is not yet safe, which is why new financial resources are required to put this in order. I have not yet heard any plans for what to do with the nuclear waste lying about the site; the disposal of this material is not yet assured.
The satellite navigation systems should ensure cooperation between the various systems, and should also be usable in passenger and freight transport.
The scarce development resources must be used in the most effective and efficient manner.
The scope of the register covers many activities carried out with the objective of directly or indirectly influencing the policy formulation or implementation and decision-making processes of the European institutions.
The scope of the register excludes social partners, churches, political parties and local, regional and municipal authorities, taking into account their particular characteristics.
The scoreboard, which attempts to draw up a list of macroeconomic indicators at supranational level and, based on this list, to assess the ability of national authorities and their economies to deal with economic imbalances, is a contentious idea.
The scrapping of this symbolic euro on the altar of national self-interests and budgetary austerity illustrates Europe's moral and political failure.
The secession of Kosovo and the role of the EU in this are indicative of that, and the internal process dubbed 'reform and transition' represents the current stage of this process of the imposition of imperial rule over the region.
The second aspect relates to reciprocity of access to the public procurement markets.
The second condition is that this creation be at least as favourable as the phasing-out process for the regions concerned.
The second condition is that we need an environment of security and support from the European Union, an environment of political cohesion because, throughout the crisis and, in particular, over the last few weeks, we have seen an informal public dialogue between European capitals, the European Commission and the European Central Bank, with the credit rating agencies acting as a strange sort of referee, in connection with the much talked about involvement of the private sector in the new Greek bail-out.
The second context for this report is the common 2020 objectives that we have set for training, employment and the reduction of the drop-out rate.
The second idea is that there should be an intermediate category so that all regions that do not come under convergence and do not manage to achieve competitiveness can be treated in a similar way when similar situations arise and so that these regions do not ever suffer a sudden change.
The second important subject that you mentioned and that I would like to express my agreement with is the subject of intellectual property.
The second is the need to ensure that adequate financial resources are set aside to meet the requirements of nuclear plant decommissioning and that the resultant waste is disposed of. The third concerns the development of regional disposal facilities, while the fourth deals with transparency and participation of the public.
The second issue I would like to address very quickly is the fact that we decided to postpone the discharge, and will vote to postpone the discharge, for two agencies - CEPOL and EMA.
The second issue is that of funding.
The second issue is that the facts involved are vitally important and the consequences are very serious for our countries and our peoples, not least bearing in mind the situations that are now being experienced here in the European Union, for instance in Greece and Ireland and, as is being announced, Portugal.
The second key requirement is that the commissioners must also accept greater responsibility.
The second part of the answer is, of course, a rigorous approach to administration, zero growth of the Commission, and what we call the negative priorities for the very tough assessment of programmes - to see whether they are working or not - and, on the basis of performance, in some areas budgeting below the pre-existing financial programming for 2012.
The second person I would like to mention is Andrzej Poczobut, a journalist who writes for Gazeta Wyborcza, one of Poland's largest newspapers. I and hundreds of thousands of Poles would like to appeal for his release.
The second pillar must be focused on the modernisation of agriculture, on competitiveness and on rural development cofinanced from national sources.
The second pillar of the future common agricultural policy will have to address all these challenges and will also have to consider how technical knowledge can be used to build a future that combines competitiveness and environmental concerns. I can tell you that the entire Commission - the full College of Commissioners, including President Barroso - is in favour of a strong second pillar in the future common agricultural policy.
The second point I would like to make is that, while we have established the Europe 2020 strategy and we know that, in this Europe 2020, low-level jobs will be particularly under threat, we have to do everything here, in this world of domestic work, to ensure that specialisations are absolutely recognised.
The second point is that the Commission must get better at utilising the opportunity to suspend payments.
The second question pointed to the problem of defining eligibility in the current regulation.
The second reason is that we are on the eve of the adoption of a new multiannual budget. I believe that both of these reasons highlight the fact that we need to look at this discharge and European spending with additional scrutiny.
The second section discusses the Commission's IAs and highlights scope for improvement.
The second take on things, Mr President, actually demands that we, first of all, clear up non-trade concerns and only then reach an agreement. I call that 'the preacher's take on things'. We know that, in the latter scenario, India will definitely not want to enter into an agreement with us.
The second thing - the report calls for additional training for European External Action Service staff in the fields of cultural and digital policies.
The second thought is that mention has been made of the big test for Europe and of the concern that the project could perhaps even fail and that old ghosts that we had thought we had eradicated could return to the European Union. I would like to turn all of this around and look at it in a positive light.
The second, issued earlier this year, is specifically a call for action to strengthen the rights of poorest workers, and there will be a study to better understand the phenomenon of precarious work as well.
The security of the Schengen area depends on the rigour and efficiency with which each Member State carries out checks at its external borders.
The security situation in the state of Abyei is very worrying. I would encourage the parties involved to engage in a peace dialogue by once again entering negotiations with the African Union. I would also call for a referendum to be held, as stipulated in the Comprehensive Peace Agreement (CPA). Both the north and the south will have to work to resolve several crucial questions which have been left in abeyance, such as the drawing of the boundaries between the two countries, the dividing up of oil revenues, the use of pipelines, the issue of citizenship and the organising of popular consultations in the Blue Nile and South Kordofan.
The security situation must be resolved according to the Kadugli and Abyei agreements from the start of the year, including, in my view, through the intervention of a mixed security force commissioned by the UN.
The services offered to passengers and freight operators will also see substantial improvements which would not be as visible through other means, such as bilateral agreements.
The seventh EU programme aims to build a united European Knowledge Area based upon achievements of former programmes and to implement further research towards strengthening socio-economic factors in the development of Europe.
The severely exploitative and discriminatory conditions under which many of those engaged in domestic work operate are well known.
The sharing of cultural heritage between individuals is important both within the EU, for the consolidation of a European identity, and in terms of the Union's relations with third countries.
The siege of the city and the ethnic and religious war which lasted for four years (1992-1996) profoundly disrupted this capital, which was 'Islamised' in religious terms and 'Bosniakised' in linguistic terms.
The significant rise in oil prices has seriously exacerbated the crisis facing the fisheries sector and its economic viability, and has very significantly reduced the already scarce incomes of those working in the sector.
The simplification and development of the present regulatory framework for the development and application of new textile fibres will motivate innovation in the textile and clothing industries.
The simplification of eligibility rules and financial processes is a priority objective of the Commission in the perspective of the next Multiannual Financial Framework.
The simplification of the existing regulatory framework has the potential to encourage innovation in the textile and clothing sector, whilst allowing consumers to benefit more quickly from innovative products.
The situation could be improved by simplifying the administrative and financial rules.
The situation in Japan and at the Fukushima Daiichi power plant after the earthquake and tsunami of 11 March 2011 remains a cause for concern.
The situation in the Abyei province is closer to a crisis than to peace, there is violence in Darfur, and Sudan needs our attention and generous help.
The situation is as follows, and we have the example of Damüls in the Alps, and also that of the Pyrenees: it is often the case that the time taken from the moment a complaint is made by some European citizens until it is resolved can be too long to resolve the issue without irreversible damage resulting. I am referring to the ability that many Member States have to evade the European directive requiring an environmental impact assessment for public or private projects in very sensitive areas in the European ecosystem, such as the Alps in this case, or it could be the Pyrenees in Spain.
The situation is particularly serious for the most vulnerable economies of the euro area, which are considered to have 'excessive deficits' and could be subjected to severe sanctions.
The situation of the citizens affected by 'Ley de Costas' has to be directly tackled, and I call on the Commission to put all possible pressure on the Spanish Government to achieve a positive outcome for the citizens affected, in order to protect their property rights.
The situation regarding macroeconomic imbalances, particularly in countries with the single currency, can be resolved only through a consensual reassessment of the current model of economic development.
The situation should not be unsettled by changing the rules during the game, stepping up the Eurosceptic rhetoric and bringing up a separate issue relating to the need to control illegal immigration.
The situation which has been created over the accession of Romania and Bulgaria to the Schengen area highlights how weak the sense of solidarity is within the EU.
The situations in developing countries should not all be approached in the same way, but rather in a more differentiated way, bearing in mind that traditional financial aid can become less important in many cases, for example, in the case of the so-called emerging countries.
The six legislative texts on economic governance have been the number one priority of the Hungarian Presidency. I must emphasise that it was not the individual decision of the Presidency to designate this file as the top priority.
The skills and experience of women must be utilised.
The smooth functioning of the Internal Market depends on the stability of the financial system and on the trust placed in financial institutions and transactions by the European public and consumers.
The smooth functioning of the Internal Market depends on the stability of the financial system and, consequently, on the trust put by the European public and consumers in financial institutions and transactions.
The social models of some European countries could also serve as a good example to developing countries. I also share the opinion on the joint fight to eliminate child labour.
The sole objective of the unsubstantiated accusations - for which there is no scientific basis - made by the German authorities against small and medium-sized holdings in the Member States in the south of the EU, which the EU hastily adopted, thereby causing very serious damage to farmers in those countries, was to cover up and conceal the anti-grassroots and dangerous nature of the CAP and the responsibilities of the EU, the bourgeois governments and the monopoly groups, which have no hesitation in feeding the workers highly toxic foods which are dangerous to their health, provided that they maximise the profits of capital.
The sole response has been that only Romanian legislation and the country's constitution are applicable.
The solution has to be bi-directional: the administrative burdens of enterprises that recycle and dispose of hazardous waste legally has to be relieved, and of course in parallel, producers of hazardous waste should be encouraged to choose the legal course and made interested in restraining the hazardous waste mafia.
The solution involves measures such as limiting the dependence of the European Central Bank (ECB) on data provided by outside agencies, reinforcing the competences of regulators and supervisors, launching the debate on creating a European Credit Rating Foundation, increasing the range of information available to investors - thereby decreasing the CRAs' power - and also, for example, strengthening mechanisms for civil accountability.
The solution to the proportionality principle cannot therefore be that we change the fundamentals of the well-functioning European Arrest Warrant system, which has radically improved the prior extradition system.
The solutions provided for in the Small Business Act, including fewer bureaucratic obstacles, improved access to sources of funding, and easier access to the market, are particularly significant and, in my opinion, effective measures aimed at putting in place the best possible conditions for the development of SMEs.
The solutions that you have just given us, in a particularly detailed fashion, are of a kind that can provide an answer to our questions.
The sort of centralisation which takes the form of Brussels exerting budgetary authority over all the Member States represents improper intervention in the sovereignty of the Member States, however, and would moreover reduce the sound countries of Europe to mere playthings of EU bureaucracy.
The sovereign debt crisis rocking the EU - in particular the three countries already bailed out, not least Portugal - will only be overcome with concerted decisions and increased involvement of the EU institutions, in particular Parliament and the Commission.
The sovereign debt crisis will not be solved until the bank crisis is solved - and the bank crisis will not be solved until markets are confident in providing capital and liquidity to banks.
The speakers in this Parliament should not run the risk of having their speech wrecked by interruptions from the Chair on behalf of the interpreters.
The specific consequences for small and medium-sized enterprises should be taken into account where appropriate and they must always be kept up to date with current developments in the legislative process.
The specific existing programmes, like the Cooperation programme, the Ideas programme, the People programme and the Capacity programme, can and should enable the development of knowledge to enable our businesses to innovate more and enhance their competitiveness.
The specific issue of safeguarding equal treatment and fair competition on public procurement markets in the EU and in third countries urgently needs more political attention, especially given current problems regarding access to public sector markets in third countries.
The specific situation of countries like Portugal demonstrates this, with more people in poverty, more unemployment and more inequality.
The specificities of hotel- or restaurant-reservation contracts have also been safeguarded, which was not the case with the initial proposal. I believe this new directive will increase transactions within Europe.
The speed and the scope of our integration with Ukraine, and vice versa, will depend on whether Ukraine can fully guarantee its respect for human rights, the principles of democracy and the principles of the rule of law.
The stability of the euro area, in particular, and of Europe as a whole requires the restructuring of prevention and surveillance instruments, in order to correct macroeconomic imbalances.
The staff in the Bahamas are development staff from the Commission working on rural programmes, on agriculture, for some of the poorest people, and we should not, in my view, see this as being an 'either/or' situation.
The standards that apply in my country, in Greece, where unemployment rates among 25-year-olds are 36.1% and in Spain, where this rate is 43%, are very different from the standards that apply in the strong European economies.
The starting position of all the Member States is different.
The stranglehold imposed on the Member States is being tightened, without a care for the causes of the problems, or for alternative policies that take into account economies' different levels of development.
The strategic reasons alone - you mentioned some of them - speak for themselves.
The strategy will be based on the Council conclusions and recommendations on AMR and on the outcome of the consultations I have already mentioned.
The strengthening of Frontex and the move to a common European asylum system are also aspects of such an approach.
The strengthening of economic governance and the importance of cohesion policy are some of the areas that I would like to emphasise in the pursuit of a smarter, more sustainable and more inclusive Europe. I consider it important to create an intermediate category for regions whose per capita gross domestic product (GDP) is between 75% and 90% of EU GDP, thus contributing to increased equality at regional level.
The strengthening of economic governance must be linked to a strengthening of the democratic legitimacy of the decisions made.
The strengthening of economic governance should be accompanied by the reinforcement of the democratic legitimacy of economic governance in the Union, which should be achieved through the increased participation of the European Parliament and the national parliaments in all processes of economic policy coordination.
The stress test also lacks clear wording on the need for the independence and transparency of the tests.
The stress test is a key measure and a key tool in this context, and not only have we discussed it here, we have also discussed it on many occasions - and as recently as April, in fact - with the finance ministers in the Council.
The stress tests will be carried out by the new supervisory authority, the European Banking Authority, and we must avoid last year's failure at all costs.
The structural funds were set up mainly to even out differences between individual regions, and they should therefore be directed particularly towards the most backward parts of the EU, in other words towards convergence Objective 1. The richer regions will benefit from this through increased market opportunities for their products and services.
The structure of the future Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF) should be realistic, and it should enable continuity of planning and avoid the shortcomings of the current MFF, especially the lack of flexibility within the areas.
The structure of tolls will depend on the time of day, which, in my opinion, will help to discourage people from using sections of road which are at risk of congestion during peak periods.
The study concluded that we could not accept this proposal, mainly for three reasons.
The subject is clearly very important, both for its marked impact on health protection and for the fight against the criminal activities associated with the drug market.
The subject matter of this report and its scope mean that it inevitably ends up tackling important issues, in some cases correctly, in others, incorrectly or very insufficiently; it is contradictory in some places.
The subject of safety tests for nuclear power stations will play a central role in our discussions with our partners in Russia over the next few weeks. A question was asked about Kaliningrad.
The submitted change to the Rules of Procedure comes in response to the corruption revealed in recent months, with three MEPs accepting a corrupt proposal from investigative journalists.
The submitted report contains no proposals for states to place a financial value on the work of mothers in raising and educating children, at least in proportion to the contributions states make to the running of pre-school facilities.
The substantive difference lies in the fact that this report makes no reference to the origin marking to be included on textile product labels.
The success and effectiveness of the 'Youth on the Move' initiative depends, to a large extent, on the attitude and key activities of Member States and the financial support they provide for the implementation of these programmes at a national level, which could contribute to the social integration of young people.
The success of a national politician returning home from Brussels negotiations should not be based on the message that the government will pay less to the EU budget but, for example, on the message that the EU will help to make small companies fund innovation projects.
The success of our competitiveness strategy depends on how our policy initiatives affect small and medium-sized enterprises.
The success of the Europe 2020 strategy, too, will largely depend on the success of the EU's cohesion policy, which is why it is extremely important that, in the next seven-year period, these funds remain a priority for the European budget.
The success of the Partnership for Modernisation will be dependent on the Russian Government's willingness and capacity to provide for a truly independent judiciary and to implement the basic principles of the rule of law, transparency and reciprocity.
The successes of cohesion policy are measurable and are very much noticed and applauded by inhabitants of the EU. It is therefore also important that cohesion policy is given sufficient funding when the Multiannual Financial Framework is approved.
The successful execution of this important task would not be possible without the help and cooperation of my fellow shadow rapporteurs or the members of the committee, my office and the secretariat. I would like to thank them all for that. I would also like to very much thank Mr O'Shea from the Court of Auditors for his contribution and cooperation.
The successful model has several components, and there are also several reasons for failure in countries where youth unemployment has risen to one third of the age group.
The sugar plants played an important role in the agricultural sector, particularly in Ireland, where there were processing plants in Cork and in Carlow, and it could be argued that the reform put an end to the sugar sector in Ireland.
The suggestion in this report that measures of this kind would not increase the total tax burden on the citizens is a lie, of course, and a deception of the worst sort.
The summit has been carefully prepared by the External Action Service working in close cooperation with the Commission and the two Presidents, preparations built on the debates held in the European Council and the Council, on Russia as a Strategic Partner in late 2010 and in January 2011, on the results of the previous EU-Russia Summit, and the visit by the Russian Government to the Commission in February.
The summit must serve to review security and energy policy, which must be implemented on the criteria of interdependency, transparency, supply guarantees and the fight against climate change, as well as improved energy efficiency.
The support given to Israel's policies of aggression and occupation and to the policy of non-compliance with United Nations resolutions, as practised by Israel and other countries like Morocco, are other factors that we also denounce here.
The support package for Portugal, which will also draw on both European and IMF support, is also being prepared.
The sustainability of fisheries resources is one of the Union's main concerns when concluding or amending fisheries partnership agreements, as well as the impact that this activity will have on local development.
The sustainable management of radioactive waste and spent fuel must include the waste's life cycle (from generation to temporary or final storage, as well as during the post-closure period of the storage facilities) and restoring the environment.
The swift and timely adoption of the package could prove that the Community method is the right approach to use in going forward.
The system can only be complete once the Council - which is the second chamber of our legislature - joins in, but I welcome the tentative steps forward which are being made and I thank the Presidency for its statement this afternoon.
The system exists to find the cause and deal with the consequences, but I am afraid that not all parts of the system have been adequately put in place, and I have some questions in relation to timing. I understand that the rapid alert was given on 22 May 2011: I am concerned that the European experts went into Germany only on Sunday, 5 June.
The system has not worked: We have 22 dead, 1 600 affected and, three weeks later, we still do not know the cause and, using the precautionary principle without scientific basis - I repeat, without scientific basis - Spain is being blamed.
The talk in our media is about rescuing Greece, giving assistance to Portugal, and helping Ireland, but that is not how the peoples in the recipient countries see it.
The task of the EU is to create a framework for the processes and prevent Member States from losing track of the original goal while, at the same time, encouraging and motivating them to implement reforms that are difficult in the short term but certainly profitable in the long run.
The tax shortfalls of self-governing regions exceed 20% of the budget, compared to the period before the crisis, which is unsustainable.
The taxation of heavy goods vehicles, which was debated today immediately prior to the vote, is another example of how what was originally a very good principle has, in the end, remained relatively weak and has lost much of its impact. I think that the taxes collected should have been directed much more towards developing transport infrastructure, but unfortunately, as often happens, the Council really does not have any good ideas in this regard.
The technical conditions seem to be met, but the reason would be because it is a controversial policy domestically.
The telecoms package adopted last year must form the basis of our radio spectrum policy because it also stipulates that the spectrum management of the EU and its Member States must take equal account of cultural, social and economic interests.
The term 'efficiency' is often used incorrectly in EU documents, due to a misunderstanding of the term 'energy efficiency' and methods for its assessment, or in other words whether we are talking about national gross efficiency or efficiency per capita, or conversion efficiency, for example the conversion of primary energy into useful work.
The termination of the trade preferences would take from the beneficiaries an objective economic advantage in their trade with the EU. This could have extremely negative consequences on the overall economic performance of the whole Western Balkans region, with subsequent negative repercussions on their domestic reform and transition processes.
The termination of the trade preferences would take from the beneficiaries an objective economic advantage in their trade with the EU. This could have negative consequences on the overall economic performance of the Western Balkans, with subsequent negative repercussions on their domestic reform and transition processes.
The termination of the trade preferences would withdraw from the beneficiaries any objective economic advantage in their trade with the EU. This could have serious consequences on the overall economic performance of the Western Balkans, with subsequent negative repercussions on their domestic reform and transition processes, and it could jeopardise their economic recovery. I voted in favour of this proposal, which is aimed at extending the validity of these measures until 31 December 2015.
The terms values and interests must be compatible, not exclusive in our external action.
The territory of Member States which are about to introduce the single currency must be included in the cash transport system.
The tests must allow us to better define the potential recapitalisation needs of the banks and to take the measures that you have just mentioned.
The text adopted today aims to establish cooperation so as to ensure the integrated protection of the ecosystem and the sustainable development of the Prespa Park Area, including the drawing up of integrated river basin management plans, in accordance with international and EU standards.
The text also presses for use to be actually made of the revenues from toll collection.
The text being examined today is, unfortunately, very different from the one approved by this House at first reading.
The text negotiated by the right wing majorities in Parliament, Council and the Commission puts too much emphasis on short term, severe cuts to deficits, not long term growth.
The text of the resolution tabled by the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, whose most important recommendations received broad support, as my colleague, Mrs Jeggle, has just confirmed, deserves detailed analysis by the Commission.
The text on which we are going to vote reflects a broad consensus, which was only possible thanks to everyone's huge capacity for work and spirit of compromise.
The text on which we have voted not only proposes to combine the three directives on the labelling of textile composition into a single European regulation applicable to all the Member States, but it is also designed to simplify the procedure for recognising new fibres.
The text stipulates that heavy goods vehicles shall pay the cost of air and noise pollution.
The text stresses the central importance of the dialogue that Parliament will have to establish with representatives of the national parliaments in order to safeguard the democratic process when issues relating to the EU's economic stability arise.
The text that came out of the trialogue is less negative for Portugal than the proposal of the Committee on Transport and Tourism, as it reduces the variation to 175% and the peak period for charges to five hours, extending the exemption of less polluting vehicles for another year, hence, to four years.
The text voted on today aims to create an optional instrument for European contract law by means of a regulation.
The textile and clothing industry in particular is in a time of crisis in a number of Member States as a result of transformation.
The thing that has been most distressing has been the virtual 'naming and shaming' of vegetables and then declaring them not guilty.
The third area of concern is rationality and efficiency in the functioning of the EU agencies, especially at a time of financial crisis. I propose discussing and finalising a merger of CEPOL into Europol, as this would be the best solution to CEPOL's structural and chronic problems.
The third idea is to reinforce Objective 3.
The third option would be a performance-based payment, in other words, an up-front payment and then the final payment only once it is clear how good the rating is.
The third point is mobility. I think one of the striking things we have experienced is that the mobility we can achieve via the framework programme is creating the special climate and the special preconditions for excellence.
The third point is that Europe cannot be founded on values of human rights and social rights and develop the relevant EU acquis without also developing the protection of wages, the protection of working hours, the protection of health, knowledge of the demands of domestic work, and without providing domestic workers with a certain number of guarantees. I wish to sound a word of warning, which is that this should not lead to the integration of workers that are in a totally illegal situation.
The third point is that we must have better systems for recovering money paid out in error.
The third reason is much more important, and some Members of Parliament have already mentioned it. Many Member States are now forced to implement austerity measures.
The third section is devoted to the impact assessments carried out by the European Parliament, which its committees are invited to use more extensively in order to further improve law making.
The threat of terrorist attacks, which is still very real, points to the need to strengthen European security standards.
The threat that Member States might have to cancel their current bilateral investment agreements at the Commission's instigation before the EU enters into a new agreement with an equivalent level of protection is unacceptable.
The three European citizens who were held hostage in Darfur for several months have been released but, at the same time, we know the situation in Darfur is as it has been previously.
The three key areas that promote economic growth are the following: knowledge, innovation, education; or 'intelligent growth' that puts digital society in the centre, sustainable development that promotes more efficient energy use and enhances competitiveness, and inclusive growth that increases participation in the labour market.
The three principal rating agencies rate 95% of economic activities; we are therefore talking about a monopoly, with all the adverse repercussions that can have.
The three-year reform of the Financial Regulation will enable us to establish the legal basis for this simplification, but I do not think that tinkering with the tolerable risk of error is the right way to go. We need to simplify our regulations, and it is through simplification that we will reduce the number of errors.
The timber industry provides a total of 2 million jobs, mainly in SMEs, and creates revenue of EUR 300 billion.
The time has also come for the EU to use effective and creative measures to implement the aims set out in the Europe 2020 strategy, such as reducing the school drop-out rate to under 10% and ensuring that 40% of young people are educated to university level.
The time has come to stop the flow and encourage its reversal.
The times of crisis we are experiencing require us to pay particular attention to the way the EU's financial resources are spent.
The timing is particularly appropriate with a sharp increase being noticed in the number of political and humanitarian crises in the world, which gives rise to the need for the European Union to deploy its foreign policy instruments more effectively so as to ensure better use of its leverage in international organisations and to take the lead more effectively in resolving current and future international crises.
The title reads as follows: 'exceptional trade measures for countries and territories participating in or linked to the European Union's Stabilisation and Association process'. Without this correction, there would be a discrepancy between the regulation itself and its title.
The topic before us is absolutely vital because forests have a huge role to play, particularly in combating climate change.
The trade preferences were granted for a period ending on 31 December 2010 and cover the following countries: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia and Kosovo.
The trader and the preacher must continue to cooperate and, I am quoting the Commissioner here, 'only then will you have a balanced agreement'.
The tragic earthquake in Japan is an incentive for Europe to look more deeply at the consequences of nuclear technology use and its impact on the safety of European citizens.
The tragic events in Fukushima have only served to strengthen the will of Parliament to have a strong clear directive on the export and processing of nuclear waste.
The transformation of the EU into a European pillar of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO), as advocated by the Treaty of Lisbon, entails involvement in conflict zones at international level.
The transformation, already under way, of the EU into a European pillar of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) is part of a process of dividing up the international sphere into spheres of influence, under the leadership of the United States.
The transition from education to work is a structural challenge for employees all over the European Union.
The transition from educational institution to working life must be as smooth as possible and, in particular, tailored to individual needs, because it must also be possible for young people with inadequate training to gain the skills necessary to be able to work in skilled jobs and to earn a good living.
The transparency of an MEP's work in contact with people who are promoting their own interests is the instrument that will perhaps best prevent corruption in the making of laws. I therefore support the proposed common register, which takes account of the varying nature of interest groups, and distinguishes between those that lobby with the aim of boosting their profits and those that address elected representatives with the aim of achieving the greater good of society as a whole.
The transparency of the institutions, their functioning and the decisions made by their representatives should be an intrinsic part of democracy.
The transparency, sound management and responsibility of all the entities involved must always be a priority and example of the European Union.
The transport policy of the Member States' transport ministers consists of demanding a sustainable and forward-looking transport policy for the European Union every Sunday while doing everything under the sun during the week to actively prevent such a policy from being realised.
The treaties provide that, in order to promote good governance and ensure the participation of civil society, the Union's institutions, bodies, offices and agencies shall conduct their work as openly as possible and that decisions shall be taken as openly and as closely as possible to the citizens.
The trend towards suburbanisation, the concentration of deprivation and unemployment in urban neighbourhoods, increased congestion and other problems of similar complexity require solutions in the fields of transport and housing, as well as in training and employment schemes which must be tailored to local needs.
The trialogue can and must truly be a valuable opportunity for a concrete and useful exchange, which this year will bring us to a shared vision of the budgetary choices we need to make.
The trialogue phase was long and hard, and the agreement we reached - sadly not a full one - was due to the Hungarian Presidency, represented by Minister Kármán, the Commission, represented by Commissioner Rehn, and all our partners.
The truth is that citizens expect to be protected by European legislation and they cannot understand why European legislation does not protect them in this respect.
The truth is that the answer to this migration flow, whether or not it is due to what has happened in North Africa and the Southern Mediterranean, is to come up with legislation involving a common policy on asylum and migration, which Parliament has worked on and which is being blocked in the Council.
The truth is that the experts just do not know, but each time such allegations are made, they destroy livelihoods in countries' economies.
The truth is that this will have two harmful consequences: one within the European Union, especially for the southern countries, and for their textile and clothing industries, which are now seriously weakened because of an economic, social and financial crisis unparalleled since they joined the Union; and, secondly, at international level, during World Trade Organisation (WTO) negotiations, where this opening of the largest trade bloc in the world - the European Union - to these potential exports from Pakistan could completely unbalance the negotiations.
The truth is that without European funding for research and innovation, our countries would be less competitive globally, while growth and employment would languish.
The truth is that you only really get to know the culture of your neighbours when you start to experience day-to-day life in their language.
The two concrete questions were about the financial tax and about our position on reverse qualified majority.
The two instruments cannot therefore be confused, either formally or in practice.
The two of you will have to work hard to push, drag and lead, at a moment in history that we had intended to tackle with the new instruments of the Treaty of Lisbon.
The two principles that define Europe are solidarity - we stand by this - and a sense of individual responsibility - that the Greek people and all those who receive acts of solidarity also take responsibility themselves.
The two-thirds majority - very often invoked here, and which, in fact, comes from 50% rather than two thirds of the votes cast by Hungarian citizens, since they make up two thirds of the Members of the Hungarian Parliament, but only 50% of the votes - serves for one thing everywhere: to confer a broad social consensus on the constitution.
The ultimate aim of the interinstitutional working group is, through a step-by-step approach, to develop a general agreement between the three EU institutions on the various issues at hand.
The ultimate irony is that Switzerland, which is not a member of the EU, remains the European champion of innovation.
The ultimate result will be yet another setback for road freight transport, which, the way things stand today, is the only means enabling the operation of the Internal Market.
The umbrella organisation of IHH, Union of Good, supports the activity of extremist radicals through selling weapons to them. I ask fellow MEPs to refrain from exploiting the Middle East crisis for their own political goals, which do not have anything to do with the peace process and from a biased attitude which very much sounds like the language and mechanism of the Communist and Soviet attitude towards Israel.
The unanimity of the committee vote on this important report and the vote taken today show, once again, that Parliament knows how to take a clear and decisive stance on crucial issues for citizens and enterprises. I think the report really highlights the critical aspects of the Seventh Framework Programme.
The uncoordinated way in which consumers have received information in the course of this event once again raises the demand for universal and cross-sector origin marking and efficient monitoring on the principle of 'marked and checked at source'.
The under 30s account for 20% of the European population, but unemployment of the under 24s has now reached nearly 21%, and almost 15% of 18-24s leave further or higher education before the end of the second cycle and do not follow any additional study or training.
The unjustified arrests of journalists, representatives of youth organisations and civil activists, the banning of peaceful protests and the use of physical force against protestors are therefore unacceptable.
The unpleasant thing here is that South Sudan is actually inheriting a legacy from the past and that the raising of the flag or of a glass of champagne is possibly somewhat out of place, given the situation in which the South Sudanese find themselves.
The upcoming Polish Presidency of the EU has, therefore, a particular responsibility to bring justice to a man who has been subjected to torture, unlawful detention and now faces an unfair trial before a military tribunal.
The upcoming instrument for funding development cooperation will have to have sufficient amounts at its disposal at the end of the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs). Donor countries should respect their commitment to set aside 0.7% of their GDP to Official Development Assistance (ODA) by 2015.
The upcoming study by the European Commission is particularly intended to eliminate barriers to the proper functioning of the Internal Market and to anticipate developments in the area of electronic commerce.
The uprisings across North Africa and the Arab world pose great challenges for Europe, but also opportunities we cannot afford to miss.
The upshot of the economic dialogue between the European institutions and the Member States is that the national reform programmes will have to be drawn up by the individual States, with due regard to the achievement of the EU's objectives.
The use and smuggling of illegal drugs are global phenomena which post a threat to health and social stability. I therefore welcome the participation of Croatia in the work of the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction, mainly for the purposes of education in this area and preventing the use of drugs and other narcotic substances.
The use of European funds to launch concrete programmes in the field of vocational education and development is therefore particularly important. I thus agree with the need to develop instruments supporting 'lifelong learning' or, in other words, the regular improvement of qualifications.
The use of any products of animal origin must be clearly shown on the label of the textile product.
The use of new technologies such as electronic labelling, including radio frequency identification, may be a useful tool to provide such information while keeping pace with technical development.
The validity of the trade preferences should not be terminated because this could have negative consequences on the overall economic performances of the Western Balkans, with consequent negative repercussions on their domestic reform and transition processes.
The value of domestic work is not included in our GDP calculations and, for that reason among others, domestic work is very often invisible and is certainly undervalued.
The various discounts that are granted to the United Kingdom, Sweden, Austria, the Netherlands and Germany should be abolished altogether.
The vast majority were technical amendments aimed at aligning the text with the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union and with the new legislative framework for the marketing of goods.
The verification report should be regarded as an opportunity to adjust the regulation in the light of fresh developments and experiences.
The very high dependence on road transport is a real problem; in Portugal, dependence on this mode of transport is even greater than the EU average.
The very limited trade policy measures applied by the EU in the textiles sector can be managed without imposing the excessive burden of presenting proof of origin for all imports.
The victims are waiting for practical results, and I hope that the Commission will take the measures necessary to bring this state of affairs to an end.
The view expressed today concerns the 2 834 redundancies, all targeted for assistance from the Fund, in the primary enterprise General Motors Belgium and four of its suppliers operating in the motor vehicle sector.
The violent incidents in east Belfast and the murder of Ronan Kerr show how important it is to continue with those schemes which encourage economic and social development on both sides of the border.
The vision shaping this motion for a resolution is made very clear in its preamble.
The volume of toxic waste is continuously increasing in the EU. Because of the high cost of recycling and disposing of waste, there is an enormous temptation to ship this waste to countries with less stringent environmental controls and lower disposal costs. I am pleased to find that this problem is accepted by all sides of the House and hope that Parliament will take a concerted approach to this issue.
The vote on granting discharge to the Commission for the 2009 financial year has come at a very significant political moment, since the negotiations on the next multiannual financial framework will be marked by a revision of the financial regulation.
The vote on the 'cohesion' package sends a clear message concerning our desire to have a cohesion policy that shows solidarity, and is effective and ambitious, as it remains one of the most important European policies.
The vote on this budget discharge definitively approves the increase in the expenditure of the European agency Frontex on its task of controlling our external borders.
The vote that we would cast would be the result of close monitoring of the outcome of negotiations, which must promote compliance with international legislation on social rights, full recognition of certification practices and procedures, exchange of safety data and joint inspections.
The vote will take place on Thursday, 12 May 2011.
The vote will take place on Wednesday at 12:00.
The vote will take place today at 12:00.
The waiver of Mr Gollnisch's immunity relates to an alleged offence of incitement to racial hatred as a result of a press release issued on 3 October 2008 by the Rhône-Alpes Region Front National Group, of which Mr Gollnisch was president, so these activities were of a purely regional and local nature as a Rhône-Alpes regional councillor, a mandate to which Mr Gollnisch was elected by direct universal suffrage and which is distinct from that of Member of the European Parliament.
The waiver, if granted, would constitute a maximum of preferences the EU could grant to Pakistan on those terms and, as a consequence, the regulation will have to reflect the content of the WTO waiver once it is agreed in the WTO.
The way I see it, that area does indeed deserve a great deal of attention and the comments he has made should provide the basis for the next discharge exercise under Mr Fjellner's rapporteurship.
The way these systems are funded requires particularly strict handling in order to avoid waste, and an imaginative approach is also needed in order to garner support and partners. I hope that the Union will still be able to equip itself with independent global navigation systems, and will exploit its full potential, in order to promote the strengthening of the economy, increased employment and transport safety.
The way we speak about this constitution, we could be talking about any other European constitution.
The wheels should already have been set in motion, otherwise the entire agreement is in danger of being too one-sided.
The whole of last weekend was filled with misinformation on debt restructuring and Greece's exit from the euro: rumours spread by those who have wagered billions on a default they are trying to create in the first place.
The whole value of our joint and common effort is that we are trying to add a special European value, providing excellence.
The wide variety of the discussions held not only in committee but also on a number of other occasions has shown that this is the case. I am working on the assumption that many of these significant and highly constructive contributions will be incorporated into the design of future regional policy.
The women in particular are looking for the stronger voice that they believe they have been promised in the future of Egypt. I met one woman who will be a presidential candidate and who is determined to show that women have that role to play in Egypt. I have talked with many government ministers, and let me give you the example of the Planning Minister, Fayza Aboulnaga.
The words 'industrial competitiveness' raise expectations.
The work done by credit rating agencies (CRAs) is important since it ensures reliability and stability.
The work is therefore financially undervalued and is often not considered to be normal employment under labour law, as a result of which workers are exposed to unauthorised and unfair treatment.
The work is very often undeclared, and workers who come from rural areas or from abroad have low qualifications, do not know their rights, and become vulnerable individuals.
The work of the Seychelles Fishing Authority, which has an effective vessel monitoring system, is of great significance for this cooperation.
The work will be concluded in the coming weeks, which will facilitate well-informed decisions.
The world economy, including Europe, has experienced the worst crisis since the Great Depression and we have had to draw the necessary conclusions.
The world is currently experiencing a major growth process in globalisation terms, in particular, with the revolutions and transition to democracy of countries that have traditionally been closed and governed by totalitarian regimes, which constitutes a set of opportunities that the EU should not neglect.
The world of work has undergone some major changes.
The worst of Europe, if the news carried by The Guardian is confirmed, would be NATO military forces who do not intervene to save men, women and children adrift.
The young woman involved lost four years of her life to her employer, who received a nine-month sentence.
Their absence is justified because MPs in Minsk are not elected freely.
Their actions are also incompatible with the fulfilment of the Europe 2020 strategy, which has already been adopted.
Their conservation represents an important contribution to the welfare of populations, as well as contributing to job creation in rural areas.
Their development is therefore directly related to areas such as employment, social inclusion, environmental protection and the achievement in general of the cohesion policy objectives.
Their development, their modernisation, and their competitiveness must be at the heart of our economic strategy. I therefore welcome the review of the Small Business Act proposed by the Commission, which seeks to unblock the growth potential of SMEs. A great deal still needs to be done to simplify the regulatory environment and bureaucratic procedures, which place heavy constraints on the activity and dynamism of our enterprises.
Their education, vocational training, qualifications and integration into the labour market provide the basis for achieving the Europe 2020 objectives aimed at smart, sustainable and inclusive growth.
Their exclusion is unjustified, because these actors have specific interests and play just as active a part in decision making as many other representative associations. I also think the information required needs to be specified more clearly so that it cannot give rise to different interpretations, as happens in the current situation.
Their fate is unknown, and in 1981, the Committee on Missing Persons was set up and funded primarily by the EU. The work they have done in this area has brought peace to many families.
Their objective is to close down the nuclear industry and they have a fixed objective.
Their reluctance to increase the EU budget is quite understandable.
Their statements and actions today, with the police of one state refusing to accept the documents of another state, are provoking more than just astonishment.
Then let us tackle the challenge of external representation which will be another major step forward once agreed and implemented.
Then the operators require payment on different grounds, and continuously harass, put under psychological stress and even threaten with legal action those who do not pay up. A review as to whether the corresponding Union law is effectively implemented by Member States is inevitable in order to avoid further misleading advertising and, if necessary, a new amendment of the relevant Union law should be proposed in order to solve the current problem.
Then there are the issues that no one wants to address in this House: the very low wages paid to drivers, the terrible working conditions and the unacceptable driving times that compromise everyone's safety.
Then there is our direct engagement in Camp Ashraf.
Then there is the obviously low treatment cost in third countries, which is the main economic factor encouraging or driving these illegal shipments.
Then there is the question of balancing the interests of the economy and the environment. I believe that innovation, in particular in the area of the environment, offers significant opportunities for engineers and technicians, for adding value in a variety of ways and, therefore, for creating jobs.
Then we can have the legislation that Europe so badly needs.
Then we will have an investment policy for the future.
Then what happened, President of the Commission? A Northern League interior minister in Italy says: Tunisians all speak French; that is good - it means we can give them Schengen residence permits and they can all head off to France.
Then you present the lowest common denominator, and often at times when events have already moved on
Then, and only then, can real austerity packages work.
Then, there is the new Neighbourhood Policy - a different level of ambition and vision.
There are 23 million SMEs within the EU; they employ fewer than 250 people and their turnover does not exceed EUR 50 million; they account for 99% of European businesses and employ nearly 70% of the workforce in the private sector.
There are 23 million small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in the EU, which account for around 99% of all businesses and provide over 100 million jobs.
There are 8 000 who have United Nations High Commission for Refugees (UNHCR) identity cards; not very many.
There are Member States, and here I am looking at Mr Busuttil, among others, since he brought up the issue so forcefully, who seek the support of the European Union when they experience problems; it is an expression of European solidarity that we should provide help when, for example, Malta experiences a problem with refugees.
There are Members of this House who wish we had a stronger defence and security policy. I say to them this: in the last few weeks and months, we have seen how far we have come in some ways, but also how far we still have to go. We did engage together to plan the military support for humanitarian needs: ready at the request of the United Nations to support the people with resources from across Europe.
There are a lot of offsets still in the market, so if you have 25% domestically, we are discussing 30% as a whole as well.
There are a number of important areas of criticism from the perspective of the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance.
There are allegedly 1 350 expert groups working on official papers published by the Commission.
There are also cases of projects being subdivided locally as far as their legal arrangement is concerned, which gives rise to the question of how much this is permitted by our European legislation - deliberately or otherwise - and whether things need to be tightened up in this respect.
There are also organisations that do not pursue selfish interests but try to collaborate in European policies in the name of general values, such as churches, political parties and regions.
There are also other aspects that I want to highlight here, which concern other reports.
There are also other facts and policies that are coming to the fore. I am thinking of democratic processes in the Mediterranean area and the need to guarantee an external dimension to the European Union, which at this time can truly play a role and resume an important position of leadership for itself.
There are also problems, however, in the area of the still unimplemented agreement from 2006 in respect of EU airlines.
There are also some significant parameters which are interpreted incorrectly.
There are also, however, more equitable forms of aid.
There are at least two things I would like to mention which are not in line with that.
There are certain elements that need to be prioritised: firstly, the simplification of the programme, and secondly, the promotion of scientific excellence, not only in some countries but throughout Europe, a stronger connection between the framework programme and innovation, and with instruments directed at small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) and entrepreneurship.
There are considerably higher numbers of qualified academics in other Member States, and we should study their systems.
There are currently eight International Labour Organisation (ILO) conventions that have been ratified by all EU Member States.
There are currently significant differences, and these are an obstacle to business people who wish to expand into the markets of those other Member States where the standards are higher.
There are enormous differences between Member States in terms of how they deal with asylum applications and the outcome of these procedures. A single European asylum system is therefore necessary, so that asylum seekers can see that Europe can provide help where it is necessary, but that it does not give free tickets to adventurers.
There are fewer farmers, fewer people working; this is where I think we have to concentrate in the future.
There are four reasons - which I consider to be paramount - why I voted in favour of the report: 1) the simplification and streamlining of procedures in order to make it easier to access funding; 2) the participation of small and medium-sized enterprises, which are essential for growth and employment; 3) innovation for a competitive manufacturing sector capable of meeting the challenges of the market; and 4) the risk finance facility, which so far has produced very good results.
There are generally financial reasons behind the current tendency to provide and perform undeclared domestic work, because undeclared work is more advantageous to both parties than officially registered work which, besides tax and deductions, burdens both parties with extensive bureaucratic demands.
There are going to be tough fines for statistical fraud and guarantees of independence for national statistical authorities.
There are increasingly large economic divergences and social inequalities caused by the EU's neoliberal guidelines and policies, and by the increasingly unfair sharing and distribution of national income, both at EU level and at national level.
There are issues, largely concerning seals and tar sands.
There are just two points I would like to raise.
There are major imbalances there, too.
There are many commendable aspects to it. To reduce carbon emissions from vehicles is very commendable; to reduce heavy goods vehicle congestion is very commendable; and the spending of 15% of the tolls on infrastructure is very commendable.
There are many constructive suggestions in this resolution. I particularly like the proposal for combating the practice known in my country as 'gold plating', whereby national authorities add layers of regulation to European measures.
There are many excellent candidates, and I hope the selection is based on merit, not politics.
There are many forces that wish to keep it precisely as it has been for the last 50 years. I have to say that even if you admire our political capability to get proposals through, please do not exaggerate it. For my part, I admire your rhetorical skills.
There are many reasons for developing new standards in the area of domestic work.
There are many types of transition: from training, redundancy, internships or precarious employment into full-time employment.
There are many unfortunate examples of situations where ignorance of cultural backgrounds and the cultural context has led to failures in foreign policy, and that is why it is very important to make culture an integral part of the European External Action Service.
There are many who wonder whether there is such a thing as a European culture, often contrasting it with a Europe of cultures or a 'Europeanisation' of cultures.
There are no indications that the case might be a case of fumus persecutionis on the part of the Romanian legal authorities; that is to say, sufficiently serious and specific grounds for suspecting that the case has been brought with the intention of causing political damage to the Member.
There are no issues on the agenda that are so pressing that a vote is absolutely necessary today.
There are other Member States, and you have referred to some of them here, where the national regulations are not adequate.
There are other important points, particularly on the macroeconomic side. I believe that all Member States need to be subject to common surveillance.
There are other ways of showing solidarity: more effective forms of aid, aimed at re-establishing the affected areas and improving the living conditions of the affected people; based on a policy of effective and lasting development cooperation and aid, which supports the integrated and sustainable development of local communities.
There are overlaps between the agencies and also with the Directorates-General of the Commission, with departments in Parliament and with national bodies.
There are places where nowadays, we see exactly opposing tendencies: a decrease in the age limit for compulsory education and a reduction in the number of state-funded higher education places.
There are policies which are absolutely essential, approved by Member States and, therefore, they need to be financed so that they can be implemented.
There are precedents clearly indicating that, faced with unexpected, abrupt migratory pressures, as was the case in the Canary Islands, in Spain, between 2004 and 2006, the response given cannot just be more, better Europe, but also a supportive contribution to the demand for better democracy in the neighbouring countries.
There are several areas of the budget where we all know we could be cutting expenditure.
There are significant development opportunities associated with the European forestry sector in terms of carbon capture and CO2 pools. I welcome what the report says about recognising the importance of forestry in socio-economic and environmental terms and the request to the Commission to adopt a coherent approach to help the sector achieve its full potential.
There are simply no real safeguards.
There are so many of these that I could carry on speaking not just for two minutes but for 10 minutes, but I would like to end with one sentence. I would also be delighted to support - as one of the original authors - the initiative on Sarajevo, as it is very important for us to show the people of this region that the EU is here for them.
There are some issues on which even we Eurosceptics in the Lega Nord are prepared to say yes to a high degree of harmonisation, but only when it makes good sense and is compatible with the public interest, the interests of small and medium-sized enterprises and, indeed, the prerogatives of Member States.
There are states which are already tapping into the multifaceted resources of the cultural and creative industries to a broad extent.
There are still many obstacles to public procurement and trade services, due to legitimate national regulation, and the report proposes removing such obstacles by making efforts to understand the methods of mutual adjustment systems.
There are still, let me remind you, a lot of us who experienced Communism and who since then have made enormous and swift progress to prepare ourselves for membership of the European Union.
There are therefore two reports, but in any case this is just a first step towards more complete transparency.
There are three points that I want to make.
There are two aspects to the Arab revolutions.
There are two many fine distinctions made by different countries in the EU. Another point on which we cannot agree is the call to increase our efforts for Turkey to join Europe.
There are two other factors to mention, too.
There are two possible solutions: Greek debt restructuring accompanied by the restructuring of the public debt of failing States leading, ultimately, to the collapse of our banking system, or a concerted, rational and pragmatic exit from the euro area enabling Greece to catch its breath.
There are two priorities on which I would like to focus the Commissioner's attention, and these are promotion and enhancement of the multi-level governance system and synergy between the various funds, in other words an integrated vision and approach to funding.
There are two things of which Parliament and the Committee on International Trade cannot be accused.
There are worrying tendencies towards increased tensions and conflict.
There are, however, a few proposals that worry me, and I will make sure I follow their progress closely. I am referring to the redistribution of aid, which I think should be done strictly within the scope of the first pillar and on the basis of purely objective criteria, so that the aim of redistribution is not subverted by criteria of correctness, which will only tend to maintain the status quo.
There are, however, many expensive budget lines remaining in the MFF that shouldn't be supported, and I'm thinking of the EUR 6.6 billion to be spent on nuclear fusion as just one example.
There are, of course, some details of this resolution that I would have liked to have more of or that I would have liked to be different, but the main thing is not that all of the commas are in place; what is important is our collective will to start the process.
There can be no doubt that cultural diplomacy helps to build trust and cultivate lasting relations between citizens of the EU and citizens of third countries, and there can be no doubt that Europe's comparative advantage in the culture sector is strong and is therefore a valuable political tool for its foreign policy.
There can be no doubt that good regulations in this area will give a direct boost to the development of innovation, particularly as regards the activities and growth of small and medium-sized enterprises.
There can be no doubt that we should draw conclusions from history, but we should not become hysterical in response to the disaster in Japan.
There can be no talk of maintenance or sustainable forestry management.
There certainly was a failure, but it was in an area for which the governments were clearly responsible.
There could also be a need to increase resources, in order to face up to the consequences of how the conflicts in the Mediterranean develop. I hope the trialogue on the 2012 draft budget will take place in a constructive climate and will not fail to take into account Europeans' main needs and concerns, and that it will contribute to providing the Union with adequate resources to properly fulfil the duties and responsibilities that result from these.
There could be a major event where Member States, under very clear circumstances, need to do this.
There has also been institutional cooperation from the College of Commissioners, headed by José Manuel Durão Barroso, with the Commissioner for Financial Programming and Budget, Janusz Lewandowski, having provided particular support.
There has been a lack of coordination, Commissioner, and the unilateral closure of borders to Spanish products is proof of the failure to monitor the crisis within the European Union.
There has been a significant increase in online shopping in the EU and there must be protection for consumers who engage in it. It must be ensured, however, that too heavy an administrative burden is not placed on SMEs. A balance must be struck between strengthening consumer rights and cutting red tape.
There has been a steady increase in the quantities of drugs seized.
There has been extensive lobbying by Canada to try to prevent us doing this. I have met the Alberta Energy Minister, who has been doing the rounds, as I am sure others have too.
There has been much discussion in recent weeks about the role of lobbyists within the European Parliament.
There has been no substantial progress.
There has been significant progress with trade relations, although there is still no comprehensive agreement. I believe that we should continue to make every effort to reach an agreement that suits everyone, since it will be very important for both sides' economic development.
There has not been a proper environmental impact assessment of these cases, not all questions have been answered and a system for rectifying environmental damage has yet to be established.
There has to be an assessment of the shortcomings in all other ways possible, such as providing financial and operational support.
There have been crimes on both sides.
There have been large-scale cocaine seizures in Croatia, which are mostly linked to sea transport. I supported this agreement and the participation of the Republic of Croatia in the work of the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction, which will allow factual and objective information to be collected from Croatia at European level concerning drugs and drug addiction and their consequences, and will enable the Republic of Croatia to gain information on best practices to understand the nature of its drug problems and improve its response to them.
There have been referenda in Member States and they have been ignored.
There have been serious violations in terms of public procurement, recruitment and conflicts of interest and also, with regard to CEPOL, appropriations and the cancellation of appropriations.
There have been simply too many examples of substandard conditions for prisoners, too many misplaced warrants and too great a lack of redress for those who have been victims of errors. I fear that we are moving forwards with the EIO whilst its very foundations, and the European Arrest Warrant on which it is based, are decidedly shaky.
There have been speeches in this debate which would have been perfectly legitimate if they had reflected the views of individuals, but which are totally inadequate when they are delivered on behalf of a committee which I am quite convinced has not felt represented by the words we have heard.
There have been states that have accommodated much greater numbers of people relative to their own population that is currently happening on the southern border of Europe, yet nobody has ever thought of questioning Schengen because of the burden. I would therefore like to clearly stress at this stage that it is a pity that we seriously need to have a debate in Europe, of all places, on Schengen status as a result of this challenge that we must deal with together.
There have been three excellent reports which I shall speak on in my next intervention, but I do want to thank the rapporteurs. I am going to end with a very small quote from an anthropologist, a woman I admire very much, Margaret Mead.
There is Belarus, there is a trend towards a dictatorship in Russia, there is a sliding backwards in Ukraine and there are problems in Moldova and Transnistria.
There is a clear need to better coordinate the action of the Union, as such, with that of the Member States. I believe the Union should play an active and leading role in the reform of global governance so as to make international institutions and organisations more legitimate, effective and suited to shared responsibility.
There is a clear variation between Member States in terms of the quality and supply of their provision, rates of enrolment, approach to services, governance of services, and so on. For this reason, a 'one size fits all' approach at EU level to early childhood education and care (ECEC) services is not suitable and would be difficult to implement.
There is a danger that Commission proposals for governance of the Schengen zone are seen to be prioritising European procedure over European substance.
There is a democratic opposition in Iran, represented by the Green Movement, by various political groups within the Green Movement, and the condemnation of human rights violations should in no way be confused with political support for this group.
There is a difference between aid and what is contained in this trade package.
There is a fundamental contradiction in the European Commission's proposal to grant further financial assistance to Georgia: it was the Commission itself that pointed out that Georgia's economy was recovering after the conflict with Russia three years ago, thereby insinuating that there was no need to 'assist' the Georgian Government with further funds to help the national economy in addition to those already provided in recent years.
There is a future provided that there is innovation.
There is a good deal of red tape both in the EU and in the Member States, and this has resulted in a situation in which many innovative businesses, new or old, do not apply for money or support because one or two people would have to be employed to deal with the application, and it would take up too much time.
There is a growing need for mobile, flexible employees with international experience. I agree with the rapporteur when she says that there is a need to breathe life into the Europe 2020 strategy.
There is a lack of information when it comes to chemicals and various products used in textile manufacture.
There is a lack of shared and coordinated principles and actions, which renders it impossible to make effective use of Europe's cultural resources and the Union's creative potential. A common strategy can foster the development of Europe's cultural resources, the forging and deepening of social relations, the exchange of good practices and improvement of the EU's cultural position in the international arena. I strongly support inclusion of cultural aspects in the draft organisation chart of the European External Action Service (EEAS). It is also important to provide for the appropriate training of EEAS staff with regard to cultural and digital aspects.
There is a large and growing resident population of foreign hauliers using foreign vehicles and paying only their own countries' modest vehicle charges who are taking more and more domestic business.
There is a link to public goods through cross-compliance, but I do not think this fundamentally answers that question. I believe that the report should perhaps have gone a little further in responding to that question by backing the idea of a more targeted direct payment, containing a major incentive to develop a more sustainable and competitive model of agriculture, and giving the possibility of a targeting of payments at LFA areas - the so-called greening of the direct payments, which I believe the Commissioner is very much favour of.
There is a lot more to do - I do not dispute that - and there is a lot more that you would wish us to do; but do not let us underestimate what we have already managed to achieve and the journey that we are on to do that.
There is a lot that we can support in the EPP-ALDE-ECR resolution but I think that they are making a mistake to 'strongly support' an FTA.
There is a natural partnership between the EU and Canada founded on cultural similarities and a long shared history.
There is a need for EU-wide momentum to encourage cultural and creative industries (CCIs), which is why they must adopt innovative economic models and have access to new, legal on-line service provision.
There is a need for an effective and adequate governance system in terms of risk management, compliance with regulations, the internal audit function, strategies, policies, and processes and procedures.
There is a need for an effective system to prevent and penalise non-payment situations when these occur between subjects whose assets are located in different countries, because otherwise, the free movement of persons, goods, services and capital within the EU would compromise the legal certainty of the European public.
There is a need for better coordination of human and veterinarian research on resistance, as well as further research on new antibiotics, alternative treatments and animal disease prevention and control practices.
There is a need for improved data and indicators to complement GDP, or else it will not provide a reliable basis for policy debate.
There is a need for strategic investment to enable cultural and creative industries to invigorate cultural diversity, social and territorial cohesion, growth and employment.
There is a need for this measure, to guarantee the rights of individuals and small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). Naturally, this does not bring an end to our opposition to and reservations about fundamental aspects of the Single Market, its nature, objectives and impact.
There is a need to enhance, stimulate and secure the financing of research and development in the European Union via a significant increase in relevant expenditure from 2013 onwards, because such an increase in funding, ideally by increasing the budget, must foster sustainable growth and competition via excellence.
There is a need to establish a true internal market between businesses and consumers that is able to contribute to a fair balance between a high level of consumer protection and businesses' competitiveness, but also to ensure respect for the subsidiarity principle.
There is a need to focus on the protection of workers' rights and the rule of labour law.
There is a need to strengthen the measures already taken and to be prepared to combat a possible sharp increase in migration pressure.
There is a need to support multilateralism as a primary strategic interest of the EU, and to strengthen cohesion and the visibility of the EU as a global player within the UN. The ongoing transformation of the international order presents the EU with a challenge to focus more actively on current and emergent global powers and other bilateral and multilateral partnerships, in order to support effective solutions to the problems affecting EU citizens and the whole world in general.
There is a need, not just for simplification, but also for an improved system for companies to access this financing.
There is a real risk that thousands of fishing companies could go out of business and thousands of jobs could be lost because of increased oil prices.
There is a recent report from Europol about organised crime which stated that criminal groups from Albania, Turkey and the former Soviet Union will exploit the opportunities that the accession of Romania and Bulgaria to the Schengen area will bring.
There is a risk that, following the banking crisis, the economic crisis and the crisis in the national budgets, 2011 and 2012 will be the years of social crisis in Europe.
There is a safeguard clause proposed that is, I think, sufficient to counter possible problems that might arise, so this is fairly clear and you are either in favour of it or against it. The Commission is in favour of it and I think that, both from the point of view of the economic development of Pakistan and from the point of view of the security issues that are certainly linked with Pakistan, it would be a major mistake on the part of the European Parliament not to take up this responsibility and vote this down.
There is a saying: 'If you do not change direction, you finish up at the point you were heading for when you started out'. This budget needs to change direction.
There is a solution, as Mr Stevenson explained to you.
There is a tendency in the major capitals of the European Union to regard the EU's foreign, security and defence policy as a continuation of each country's own national policy financed with European money.
There is a working group for this purpose, which I think needs to have as much room for manoeuvre as possible. I agree that we should identify the lobbyists encountered during the course of the negotiations but I do not know if this task belongs only to the rapporteur or whether it should be extended to the President.
There is almost no nook or cranny of our national life so remote that Brussels has not curled its tendrils thither, choking out the natural light and blocking out the native growth.
There is also a certain sense of desperation when the call is made to Russia to engage in closer cooperation on the supply of raw materials and rare earths, especially those considered 'critical'.
There is also a constitutional dimension to the European Union itself, however, insofar as not only is the architecture of its institutions subject to the law but there are also guarantees enshrined in law to protect the position of individuals with regard to the government authorities in Europe, and there exists an essential principle, that of democracy, which exalts pluralism.
There is also a need for an improvement in cohesion within Member States and for better use of financial resources earmarked for infrastructure investments related to climate change, such as hydrotechnical constructions.
There is also a need for better dissemination of information and training, in particular, to small businesses and public servants.
There is also a need for enhanced market access, including the modernisation of the standardisation system within the EU, and for better access for small and medium-sized enterprises to public procurement opportunities.
There is also a need to measure quality of life in societies, because in order to ensure and sustain quality of life, it is necessary to take into account important, consensual factors such as health, education, culture, employment, housing, environmental conditions, etc.
There is also a phone number, but it is answered by a machine saying to press 1 for the British position, 2 for the French, 3 for the German, and so on'.
There is also considerable potential for the exploitation of EGNOS and GNSS in the areas of safety, the environment, and the smooth operation of road transport, as they can be used for collecting tolls.
There is also fraud in connection with CO2 quotas, as well as other types of fraud.
There is also improved access to information concerning lobbyists, including their names, and we should also applaud the fact that lobbyists who fail to comply with the rules will face various penalties, for example they may be excluded from the register, which will mean they are blacklisted.
There is also our collaboration with the African Union with President Jean Ping, and the Arab League with Amr Moussa and, of course, his successor, and with the Organisation of the Islamic Conference and Professor Insanoglu, under the leadership of the UN special envoy, Al-Khatib.
There is also the communications side of the whole issue, though, and that side has been abysmal, first of all in Germany, of course, with so many different institutes, authorities and even a number of ministers all giving out different signals.
There is also the typical and tedious hypocritical stance protecting the economic interests of European arms manufacturers, who have made millions by selling arms to dictators who have used them to massacre both their own people and those of neighbouring states.
There is also the very serious situation of countries that receive, so to speak, this waste, these illegal shipments, which cause significant pollution of the air, water, soil and homes, and which threaten - as you said a moment ago, Mrs Wils, and as Mrs Bearder and Mrs Rosbach said with the same emotion before you - people's health, and particularly children's health, which is the most shocking of all, as well as the health of workers and of a large proportion of the population.
There is an amendment which will shortly be presented by Mr Speroni.
There is an inherent conflict of interest if market participants devise internal credit risk assessments for their own regulatory capital requirements. I see the need to increase supervisors' responsibilities, capacity, powers and resources for monitoring, assessing and overseeing the adequacy of the internal models and for imposing prudential measures. I believe that credit ratings must serve the purpose of increasing information to the market in a manner that provides investors with a consistent assessment of credit risk across sectors and countries, and consider it important to enable users to better scrutinise CRAs.
There is an unnatural combination of strains and DNA in the virus.
There is an urgent need now for united action by the European and Canadian trade union movement, with environmental and indigenous activists, to fight together and resist this proposed agreement.
There is an urgent need to address global issues of common concern for EU citizens, such as fighting terrorism, organised crime, pandemics and climate change, cyber security, ensuring the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) and the eradication of poverty, ensuring energy security, the non-proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, peaceful conflict resolution and disarmament, migration management and the promotion of human rights and civil liberties, and attention is drawn to the need for improved monitoring of EU funds in line with the European Court of Auditors Special Report No 15/2009.
There is an urgent need to review the role of these agencies for regulating the global financial market and find effective solutions for their lack of competition.
There is another aspect to the reining in of the European nuclear sector, namely that it helps maintains our dependency on imports of fossil fuels from third countries.
There is clearly a conflict of interest in its mandate, and now the euro zone is suffering the consequences.
There is clearly a role to play for better employment contracts, which is why, in the flagship initiative Agenda for New Skills and Jobs and subsequent documents, we highlighted the problem of segmentation and advocated the use of open-ended contracts, which may have a wider relevance but which help the younger generation in particular.
There is currently a tragic situation in a number of Member States as regards unemployment rates, especially amongst young people, for whom the current rate of unemployment is double the general EU rate of unemployment.
There is evidence that children already develop the foundations of responsibility, understanding and social behaviour in their early years.
There is growing international recognition of the inadequacy of GDP as an indicator of social progress, social inclusion, environmental sustainability and resource efficiency. I support this report which calls for the development of clear and measurable indicators that take account of climate change, biodiversity, resource efficiency and social inclusion.
There is increasing repression of the democratic opposition, the free press and civil society.
There is indeed a clear need to strengthen the trust and faith in Schengen by strengthening governance and by strengthening the evaluation mechanism - as the Commission proposed long before Christmas - with more involvement of independent experts and the Commission, and also increased transparency involving Parliament in all the steps that are taken there.
There is indeed, as earlier speakers have said, considerable overlap between their programmes, and I believe that their management and administration, at least, could usefully be merged.
There is just as little consideration in the report of the potential negative aspects of the investment policy, for example the fear among the domestic population of job losses and wage cuts due to outsourcing and the relocation of production.
There is much that we can learn from each other in these areas.
There is no confrontation of ideas.
There is no denying that technically securing borders will not automatically make them secure as long as problems persist in combating corruption in the justice and policing system.
There is no denying that the technical securing of borders will not automatically make them impermeable as long as problems persist in combating corruption in the justice and policing system.
There is no doubt that holding them legally and even financially accountable for the consequences of their mistakes and their irresponsible evaluations would have an impact.
There is no doubt that the scale of the economic meltdown in Greece, coupled with the risk of a similar crisis hitting many other Member States, urgently requires a strategy to prevent such a disaster from happening again.
There is no doubt that the transatlantic relationship is invaluable to the European Union, as is our mutual cooperation in the fight against terrorism.
There is no doubt, of course, that the accident at Fukushima was a catastrophe.
There is no evidence in the investigation carried out of fumus persecutionis: in other words, the intention of causing political damage to the Member. I voted for this report, which decides not to defend Mr Gollnisch's privileges and immunity, leaving it to the competent judicial authorities to decide, whilst respecting all democratic guarantees, to what extent French law on incitement to racial hatred has been broken and what the judicial consequences might be.
There is no going back on this matter and we cannot allow ourselves to be put under pressure by this single-issue discussion.
There is no guarantee that the European Rating Agency would acquire a good reputation and would become a genuine new player among rating agencies, that it would be credible, or that it would be able to convince the market of its absolute independence of any public body, whether the Member States, the European Commission or any other public entity.
There is no instruction manual on how to create the perfect monetary union, and nor can any absolute value be put on the knowledge acquired until now, since the socio-economic peculiarities of the euro area are liable to make any comparisons meaningless.
There is no large business area which has been left unscathed by the damaging consequences of this crisis, with the effects reaching the level of the citizen in the form of job insecurity, unemployment and poor conditions or opportunities for finding new employment.
There is no mention of elements which could underpin a European economic recovery, such as making investments in the key areas of infrastructure, education, research and innovation.
There is no need for the Mr Blooms and Mr Madleners in this Chamber, and outside it, to worry: the taxpayer will not suffer.
There is no need to stress the importance of this initiative.
There is no other course but to learn from this experience in a constructive manner based on professional criteria.
There is no point in complaining about this.
There is no provision for this in the Rules of Procedure and you did not ask Parliament for approval.
There is no real freedom of expression.
There is no reason why we should apply favouritism, as one country's surplus is another country's deficit.
There is no specific EU legislation regulating which collective agreements take precedence when they are concluded at different levels, nor is there any specific EU legislation regulating the possibility of extending collective agreements concluded at branch level by way of state intervention.
There is no threat to national constitutions; it is simply an expression of our desire for more discussion within the euro area in particular, but also in the Europe of 27. We want this House to be the forum for that transparent dialogue between the European institutions and the Member States, and in particular a place where Member States can voice their problems and explain their positions.
There is no time to set out all the gains made by Parliament in these negotiations: my staff have made me a summary list of no less than 50 major improvements won by you.
There is not even space for moderate political approaches, let alone more progressive ones.
There is not one common policy, is there? We saw this with the UN resolution on the no-fly zone in Libya, when Germany voted against it. How can we have a common policy when one of the major EU countries actually votes in opposition to two other major EU countries? You have an impossible task.
There is nothing wrong with an EU policy of avoiding all European wars, but I would reject the supposition that a surrender of sovereignty is necessary to achieve that.
There is now only one Ombudsman and the symbolic value, stated in writing, is no longer there.
There is one but, however: we live in a time when all Member States are turning over every euro at least three times before spending it. Yet, we are doing something really peculiar.
There is one final matter: I think that in future budgetary programmes after 2013 we should very strongly direct our attention to the Carpathian region - one of the poorest and most highly populated regions in the European Union.
There is one issue that continues to bother me, which is, if you have variable charging for peak hours, how do you tackle traffic jams if you do not treat all those responsible for causing them in the same way? This is an issue that we had in black and white at first reading, but the Council did not want to know.
There is one more thing that I would like to point out: from this September, we could use not just cars, but bicycles as well, and through you, Madam Vice-President, I would like to invite Mr Buzek to officially launch this bicycle scheme in September.
There is only one answer to the old question 'Who will guard the guards themselves?': 'The law guards the guards'. We as legislators, with the Commission as initiator, Parliament and the Council as colegislators, must do our utmost to ensure that the law really does guard the guards.
There is only one body that can rule on whether the Netherlands should help Greece and that is the Dutch Parliament.
There is perhaps not a single MEP who doubts the need for cohesion policy to continue after 2013.
There is practically no difference, so let us tick the box and conclude this important issue of symmetry/asymmetry so that we can start working in order to identify and also correct the macroeconomic imbalances and competitiveness divergences.
There is precious little time and there is a heavy responsibility on the European Commission, and certainly more now on the Member States, who are weakening and backing off from what they promised initially after what happened in Japan.
There is room for optimism, and fortunately so, because the Council, Parliament and the Commission are fully in agreement on this issue and are aware of this need to shift the focus of European research and innovation on to the major social and economic challenges that exist. I am, of course, thinking of climate change - an issue already discussed - but I am also thinking of energy security, the post-Fukushima period, which will have to be managed, and food safety, rocked by the E. Coli bacterium.
There is so much I could say, but I certainly wish to state the following: it is not just the right of the EU and the European Commission to make their voice heard in this case; it is also their duty.
There is some pitiful bleating about social, cultural and 'gender' diversity on boards of directors (quotas for the Roma, no doubt?). There are some proposals, which have already largely been adopted at European level, on the indecent remunerations in the sector, where we could do considerably better.
There is something terribly wrong with the system as a whole if the Greek irregularities and the Goldman-Sachs swap to conceal debt were known in the market for many years, if it was common for Athens to revise its budget data as soon as a new government came to power and the state was still given a good credit rating, only provoking a sudden, sharp response when the financial and economic crisis happened, causing bankruptcies, penalising states whose banks backed precarious loans, while, at the same time, betting a lot of money on countries going bankrupt.
There is still a large uninhabitable area, so that people can no longer return to their homes.
There is still much to be done to simplify the regulatory environment and the administrative procedures that are weighing too heavily on the activity and dynamism of our businesses. I welcome the actions proposed in this report, such as the creation of a European Private Company Statute.
There is still substantial work to be done, but I hope that at the end of the month we can sign off on the remaining chapters in the Accession Conference.
There is still time before the adoption of the generic laws. I hope everyone agrees that the constitution has to be balanced, close to the citizens, based on generally accepted values and principles, and should be party neutral.
There is talk about smart urban development and about the need for cities to improve and modernise their infrastructure and the services they offer.
There is the possibility of the death penalty being imposed during the military commission trial on Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri. I wish to remind you, just as Mr Tannock has also done, that al-Nashiri has been accused of very serious crimes, including involvement in the attacks against a US aircraft carrier and the oil tanker MV Limburg.
There is therefore a need to exploit the potential of the digital age, to create an EU-wide momentum, and to stimulate the cultural sector, in order to equip these industries with innovative economic models.
There is therefore a risk of a funding gap appearing in the period immediately after the referendum, when South Sudan will be very vulnerable and at considerable risk of national collapse.
There is therefore an obvious need to regulate domestic work, so that they do not remain exposed to scarcely decent conditions, and are entitled to rights such as the right to social security, to health and safety protection, to maternity protection, to working time limits, to rest, and to freedom of association and representation.
There is therefore an urgent need to reassert the principle of cultural uniqueness in all areas, if the fine phrases on the creative industries as driving forces, the recognition of the status of artist or the desire to find an equilibrium between the dissemination of digital works and fair reward for creators, are not to remain pious wishes in the face of the cultural desert that will ensue.
There is therefore no doubt that it needs to be made sustainable.
There is too much dependence on external credit rating agencies and an oligopoly exists in the sector. I am therefore in favour of establishing an independent European Credit Rating Foundation with responsibility for ratings in the public sector, for companies and for structured finance instruments.
There is what we call in our jargon 'national treatment', and I believe that that is the right approach. I therefore believe that I would be criticised to some extent if I agreed to apply protection measures to the Indian pharmaceutical industry that were not applied to our own industry.
There is widespread intercommunal hostility.
There is, in addition, a proposal to link European Union financing with the major challenges that society faces, such as climate change.
There is, then, one matter which has not received enough attention: what are you going to do about the recommendations of the International Atomic Energy Agency in response to the Fukushima disaster? Are you possibly going to adjust the stress test? Can you say what will happen in the event of the stress test potentially having a negative outcome?
There is, therefore, mutual interest in Croatia's accession to the EMCDDA.
There is, though, one thing that I would like to say quite clearly: such progress is often to be achieved at expert level.
There may be economic situations in which to deviate from those limits is a risk worth taking, provided that any additional debt finances a recovery that cannot be further delayed. I congratulate the rapporteur on the excellent work she has done, and in a short amount of time at that, and I hope that the political debate and the intellectual debate on these issues can be combined in order to guarantee the people of Europe the prosperity that monetary policy helps to create.
There must also be an end to the conflicts of interest inherent in credit rating agencies, which are currently able to issue ratings whilst acting as consultants.
There must be a single website, in one or two languages, with common criteria, on which all these beneficiaries can be identified and compared.
There must be not just one generation gap, but several generation gaps between him and the players.
There must finally be a clear differentiation between refugees with a right to asylum and economic migrants.
There must, however, be clear rules applying to representatives of special interest groups, in order to ensure open, transparent and proper dialogue with those who seek to participate in some way in the creation of EU law and to influence that process.
There needs to be a differentiation between micro, small and medium-sized businesses. I believe that small businesses should be assisted to increase their ability to compete in international markets by enhancing their ability to export, disseminating information concerning programmes and initiatives facilitating international market access and penetration of SME goods and services, and ensuring that the interests of small businesses are adequately represented.
There needs to be a greater commitment to regional policy that is increasingly flexible and integrated with other instruments and programmes.
There needs to be a rapid and adequate exchange of information through the Schengen Information System (SIS), good police cooperation and effective controls in place at the external borders.
There needs to be a substantial change in the international order so that the EU can better overcome its challenges using concerted global action. I would also draw attention to the fact that, according to Article 21 of the Treaty, the EU is formally committed to effective multilateralism and to the role of the UN in particular.
There needs to be agreement on how to prepare model statistics on the environmental impact of EU and Member State policies as well as on tax accounting which supports certain environmental policies.
There needs to be coordination, streamlining and mainstreaming through an interinstitutional taskforce which should report back to the European Parliament.
There remains one other matter that was always regarded as a red-line issue and that is public procurement.
There should also be an efficient flow of resources from the EU all the way down to sub-national level. I am in agreement with the rapporteur on such issues and have thus decided to vote in favour of this dossier.
There should also be more checking by the competent educational authorities in the countries concerned of whether additional barriers need to be removed where these have been built up at the administration level or at the level of the trade associations.
There should even be cultural experts associated with the European External Action Service, so that culture can be made part of the EU's foreign policy in a way that is more coherent and systematic.
There was a conference beforehand specifically called e-G8, attended by some of the big players in the Internet business and the authorities.
There was a lack of transparency and information associated with the reform process for those working in the sector and for European taxpayers and there must now be clarity and honesty about the impact of the reform throughout the European agricultural sector.
There was a lot of discussion, Mr Cohn-Bendit, about whether President Assad should be on and there were lots of different views. I cannot just give you a list of Member States who said yes or no. There were strong views about how we do this, bearing in mind some of the situations.
There was a minister for agriculture who made a senseless comment that people should 'stop eating uncooked produce altogether', even though she had no authority for the matter. I assume that you are talking to Germany in this regard, as there needs to be a fundamental investigation into how everything could have been handled so shoddily.
There was a need for more researchers and the Marie Curie Actions were introduced, which still require an even greater effort. A greater degree of participation was sought by small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), and we have successfully attained a figure close to 15%, which could be further improved with increased simplification.
There was a need to stimulate basic research and the European Research Council was fittingly created, which will be required to perform better at combining excellence and cohesion in the future.
There was a very exciting and interesting discussion between President Barroso, Commissioner Lewandowski and the leaders of the political groups, so we are a few minutes late.
There was also a need for more funding, particularly private funding, which still remains a weakness, not only due to the crisis, but because certain instruments such as Joint Technological Initiatives (JTIs) frankly leave room for improvement.
There was an immediate response to assist the countries in North Africa - more than EUR 1 million for humanitarian assistance - and this assistance will continue.
There was much controversy in our group as well about the intermediate category, and it was decided to have a free vote.
There was not really any negotiation.
There was talk of restrictive solutions in respect of limiting the deficit.
There were also some concerns around the table about the risks entailed in a potential Palestinian endeavour to unilaterally seek recognition at a United Nations General Assembly. I can tell you that we are also discussing this with the Member States and that I hope that we in Europe will have a common position on the matter.
There were forecasts and warnings that there would be a horror tsunami of this kind. I do not understand why the International Atomic Energy Agency did not intervene earlier.
There were minor problems with the agencies, I do not have time to elaborate on it, but in general we must say that their financial management is acceptable and should be supported.
There were socialist governments everywhere that these budgetary and financial problems have arisen.
There will always be competition between European regulations and directives and the form that these take at local level.
There will be a significant need for action after 2013 because of the challenge of demographic change, the changing structure of the economy, failings in our transport systems, the beginning of the age of regenerative energies and an increase in social discrepancies.
There will be a time for education later on, but, as has been said, this report reviews different models that exist in Europe, and the basic premise is that we should ensure that, from early childhood, not one single young person is excluded: everyone should have an opportunity to live a good, full life.
There will be a transitional period of two and a half years for the rules on labelling requirements, and for those on the indication of 'non-textile parts of animal origin'.
There will be no genuine reconciliation without exposing the war crimes which were committed, irrespective of which side it was that committed them.
There will be no internal protection without external protection.
There will probably be no need for the Globalisation Adjustment Fund in the next budgetary period.
There will thus be more opportunity to adapt interventions according to the demands of each Member State.
There would then be a high risk of the legitimacy of the conventions that have already been adopted being undermined, which is something that I do not wish to be party to. I would rather work to increase compliance with the key human rights conventions, the content of which clearly also applies to domestic workers.
There, under the one roof, was a music school which involved production, performance, education, the creation of instruments, etc.
Therefore - and the rapporteur has done very well in this respect - it must be emphasised that the Maastricht criteria, an excellent point of reference and suitable benchmark for establishing the credibility our currency needs, are not absolute values to be upheld everywhere, all of the time.
Therefore I am pleased with many of the suggestions made in the report, including on issues concerning buildings policy and prizes - which need to be reviewed and made more transparent - as well as allowances and the important issue of the need for a savings strategy for Parliament's budget.
Therefore I can say that the European budget, due to its nature, could be the delivery mechanism in a time of austerity to replace the investment cut normally at the national level.
Therefore I did not vote following the overall indications of my group, because I believe that we are facing such serious problems that we must at this point demonstrate the cohesion of European institutions and our ability to deal with the problems we are confronting.
Therefore I would both ask and call upon the European Commission to conduct long-term and comprehensive research into the health-related consequences of the Chernobyl disaster.
Therefore stress tests must be carried out, and not only at nuclear power plants within the European Union.
Therefore the European Council in March called upon the Council and the Commission to submit before the June European Council a plan for the development of capacities to manage migration and refugee flows as a response.
Therefore the issues concerning quality, origin and traceability must be given even higher priority.
Therefore we have agreed amending letter No 1 to the 2012 budget, which was agreed a week ago, in order to upgrade the budgetary response to our neighbourhood and especially to the southern Mediterranean for 2011, 2012 and 2013 by more than EUR 1.3 billion.
Therefore we have been looking for ways in which we can turn to the positive motivation of companies, organisations and lobbies to register. I think we achieved a lot because, with the agreement of Parliament, we are actually turning this system into a mandatory one.
Therefore we should exploit this potential of the European budget to its limits.
Therefore your vote tomorrow will be a great opportunity to achieve a historic milestone of complementing the monetary union finally with a true and genuinely functioning economic union - which we definitely need - and thus enabling the European Union to come out of the current serious crisis with lessons learnt, hopefully also stronger for the future and, in any case, with new appropriate policy tools for sustainable growth, employment and for our citizens' benefit.
Therefore, Commissioner, we need to clearly define our priority areas and they lie in industry.
Therefore, Commissioner, we would like some clarification about the news that has been circulated, and we would like to know whether as far as you are concerned there are different guidelines from what we have been told up to now.
Therefore, Europe should reposition itself and not abandon the battle over soft power, since what is at stake here today is respect for cultural diversity as a tool for dialogue and as a guarantee of peace and stability worldwide.
Therefore, Europeans cannot be completely demanding internally and, at the same time, fail to show any interest in how their currency, tossed about as it is by the markets on the international stage, is faring externally.
Therefore, I advocate that equal access to the infrastructure and quality services, as well as support for SMEs are basic guiding principles in the regional development policy's structure and that this is the path towards achieving global competitiveness.
Therefore, I agree with the rapporteur regarding his decision to postpone the decision on discharge of the Council's accounts until the latter supplies the information and documents requested by the rapporteur and also a complete list of budget carryovers.
Therefore, I agree with the rapporteur who strongly supports the amendment of certain elements of Regulation (EC) No 1215/2009 in order to permit the extension of its validity to 31 December 2015 and I voted 'in favour'.
Therefore, I am absolutely convinced that the adoption of a common transparency register will represent a major further step forward in enhancing transparency in the EU decision-making process and providing a direct response to citizens' concerns.
Therefore, I am calling on my fellow Members to support this new intermediate category when it comes to the vote.
Therefore, I am convinced that an agreement reached at any price, at the expense of the haulage industry, cannot be considered a success. I really think there is still a very long way to go, especially as regards fair charging.
Therefore, I am naturally very pleased that one of the things we are working on is strengthening what we are calling the European Qualifications Framework, in other words, the scheme that allows young people to use the points that they gain across borders.
Therefore, I am surprised that shadows of doubt have been cast about their existence and about their work and I am shocked that, as always, some of its members, instead of having a political vision, have a vision that is accounts and nothing but accounts.
Therefore, I am very obliged to, and wholeheartedly thank, the Hungarian Presidency for changing the attitude in the Council and for getting the Council into a positive mood and positive mindset in looking for ways in which we can best arrange the relationship between the Council, Commission and Parliament in managing the register, because the political signal that three institutions are taking this issue so seriously, and that three institutions are going to tackle the issue of transparency together, will be a powerful one. I am sure that, with such political support from all three institutions, the threshold of 4000 registrants will very soon be reached.
Therefore, I believe that the system of yearly fines for non-compliance with these rules, as proposed in the report, should be supported and, above all, strictly applied.
Therefore, I can say as a Commissioner that I was surprised that restrictions were imposed on export bans by a clear majority.
Therefore, I do not agree with the proposals put forward by those who would prefer to limit the scope of this instrument so that it applies only to e-commerce contracts, as this would create an artificial and, above all, unnecessary distinction between online and face to face transactions.
Therefore, I do not quite understand the Commissioner's criticism of some of the compromises that are being tabled again here, as we refer to the Treaty and you are the ones who interpret how it is to be applied.
Therefore, I expect a suitable proposal to be tabled by the Commission, which will primarily reflect the views of the Committee on Regional Development and the European Parliament.
Therefore, I feel that this motion, which considers the Roma to be victims of marginalisation and calls for their privileged treatment on the basis of this presumed marginalisation, cannot be approved.
Therefore, I fully support the decision to at least retain the existing agricultural budget, while recalling that the CAP is the only real European policy that can play an important role in a strategic sector that provides goods for public use and generates real European added value.
Therefore, I fully support this resolution that calls on the Commission to proactively verify Member States' transposition, implementation and national enforcement of Directive 2006/114/EC and take corrective action where needed.
Therefore, I hope that already in this trialogue this strong sense of responsibility that we all share, and it could not have been otherwise, will open the way to calm, responsible and constructive negotiations for the future of our Union.
Therefore, I personally support Mr Falbr and his report. I am certain that it will also lead to improvements in these rules in Europe as well.
Therefore, I solemnly call upon the Council to acknowledge the improvements made by Bulgaria and Romania and admit them into the Schengen area.
Therefore, I think that an integrated approach to the labour market in cross-border areas may be conducive to finding solutions to the structural problems and would bring demand closer to supply.
Therefore, I think that it is important that we all support adequate funding for research and innovation in the EU budget; we should not say we support it in this meeting and vote against it in the budget meetings.
Therefore, I think that system-related obstacles and those in terms of attitude preventing integration need to be removed if Europeans are to learn to make progress in the areas of their skills and values and make an effective contribution to achieving the Europe 2020 strategy objectives.
Therefore, I voted for the collection of 'own resources' and the creation of a 'tax on financial transactions' to fund the European Union's budget.
Therefore, I voted in favour of this report, in which the European Parliament calls on the Commission to table legislative proposals on measures for the freezing and disclosure of the assets of debtors and alleged debtors in cross-border cases.
Therefore, I welcome and agree with the recommendations to the Commission on the proposed measures relating to the freezing and disclosure of debtors' assets in cross-border cases.
Therefore, I welcome the recognition made by the European Commission, in its communication of last week, of the importance of the Schengen area, and of the challenge of strengthening and developing it. I also agree with President Barroso that there is a need for greater solidarity and sharing of responsibilities between the Member States.
Therefore, I welcome the sanctions that have so far been imposed on the regime, and encourage the international community to extend them in order to overthrow Rajoelina's government and bring about a true and definitive transition to democracy.
Therefore, I would call for enhancing the role of the Commission with regard to the economic governance of the EU. Ultimately, automatic mechanisms ought to be established and executed when certain Member States consistently breach the Stability and Growth Pact.
Therefore, I would like to make a suggestion, and I will certainly do so at the next meeting of the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats). I suggest that from now on, the explanations of vote should precede the vote itself, so that perhaps by talking and listening to each another, we may even convince each other about which way to vote, rather than playing a sort of team game that has all been decided beforehand.
Therefore, I would like to urge the Commission, once again, to consider an EU-wide ban on these misleading business directories.
Therefore, I would say that this is a positive first step. I would like to thank the Commission and the rapporteur.
Therefore, Mr President, I think that in tomorrow's vote we will convene another meeting with the Council to be held in July.
Therefore, Mr President, we have before us the best text achievable. I will vote in favour of it and I think that, at this moment and in this period of crisis in the euro area, we and this Parliament are being called upon to deliver and that is what I would like to do.
Therefore, a proper evaluation of the mainstreaming process, including a list of strengths and weaknesses, must be carried out before further steps are taken.
Therefore, additional efforts are needed to avoid excessive delays, strengthen performance of the implementation and to ensure higher financial discipline.
Therefore, after deducting the amount currently requested from the available appropriations, EUR 489 628 679 of the EUR 500 million maximum remains available until the end of 2011.
Therefore, also in view of more effective controls, I join in the request made to the Joint Undertaking to include in its Financial Rules a specific reference to the powers of the Internal Audit Service of the Commission as its internal auditor.
Therefore, although the call for the restoration of constitutional order and the holding of open and free elections under the supervision of the international community may appear to be nothing but demagoguery, it is, in fact, the only way for the situation in Madagascar to return to normal.
Therefore, an effective governance system needs to be established in all financial institutions, with adequate risk management, compliance, internal audit functions (and, in the case of insurers, actuarial functions), strategies, policies, processes and procedures. I believe that it is necessary to establish mandatory risk committees or equivalent arrangements.
Therefore, and also bearing in mind that an impact assessment must be encouraged to assess the repercussions of the agreement inside the EU, I voted in favour of Amendment 43, which rejects the European Commission proposal to grant preferences to Pakistan.
Therefore, and in the hope that the experts will soon find the solution, I demand that today, when the Commission speaks to the Council, it asks for immediate and moral economic measures for all the producers from Andalusia and from the whole of Europe, who are looking towards us with indignation, but also with hope.
Therefore, any rumours and any recommendations are legally incorrect.
Therefore, as a Parliament, we need to be clear on what our priorities are and be prepared to fight for them.
Therefore, as well as a strong cohesion policy, we also need policies for funding research and development in our universities and SMEs. FP8 therefore needs adequate funding for the future.
Therefore, as well as voting for this report, I should like to congratulate the rapporteur on her work, which provides us with an optimistic view of the future and calls for the innovation capacity that we all possess.
Therefore, at the end of the day, the main determinants over the solvency of Greece are of a political and social nature - the consistent rigour to keep the primary surplus stable at a high level of around 5% of GDP for a long period of time.
Therefore, at this stage, the Commission can only make a preliminary analysis, as the precise view on the interaction of the constitution with Union law and its legal effects can only be fully evaluated when taking into account the implementing legislative, administrative and judicial practice based on it.
Therefore, before a decision is made on a further financial commitment from the EU budget in the next Multiannual Financial Framework, a clear assessment of all the possible technical options and related costs and benefits needs to be presented by the Commission.
Therefore, calls to place this burden on the shoulders of the Member States concerned would be counterproductive.
Therefore, deducting the current amount requested from the appropriations available, EUR 489 628 679 of the EUR 500 million maximum remains available until the end of 2011.
Therefore, especially where young people are concerned, action needs to be taken quickly: the continuing rise in youth unemployment is one of the most important challenges facing Europe.
Therefore, given the decision of the European Anti-Fraud Office (OLAF) to start investigative proceedings, as well as the recent General Court judgment annulling the vacancy notice concerning the post of Secretary-General of the EESC, my group intends to clearly call for a deferral until the EESC has been given the opportunity to table a plan or strategy before Parliament for overcoming the current situation of opacity and continuous irregularities, which reveal the urgent need for change.
Therefore, given the target of 3% of gross domestic product for technological research and development, I call on the Commission to consider the possibility of establishing an effective EU-wide system for governing this target, in the light of what is happening with economic governance.
Therefore, given the tough agenda to be tackled by the Council on 24 June, I expect the leadership shown by the Commission and the European institutions to persuade the national governments to put our ideals before whatever is in our interests.
Therefore, if Parliament has continually insisted in committee and in this Chamber that cloned meat is not acceptable to our people, the Council ought to have taken notice.
Therefore, if we really want to help Ukraine to develop an open, democratic society, we should concentrate on systemic recommendations and not tell them that those senior officials who may be endearing to some of you or with whom you may be friends should be treated any differently from other criminal suspects.
Therefore, in 2010, the Council accorded Sudan a special allocation of EUR 150 million for the period 2011-2013.
Therefore, in a context in which the correlation between a range of non-market activities and GDP is no longer automatic, there is a need to develop additional clear and measurable medium- and long-term indicators that ensure comparability between countries and regions and that can be used for projecting future developments and designing policies.
Therefore, in order to attain this goal, what is necessary is more strategic planning and collaboration at the level of governance so that certain financial programmes can become easier to use; also useful would be more widespread checks to guarantee greater clarity and traceability of used funds.
Therefore, in order to remove controls at internal borders, it is necessary for the Member States to cooperate as much as possible and take the necessary action, particularly when increasing migration flows, because the security of the Schengen area depends on the rigour and effectiveness with which each Member State carries out controls at its external borders.
Therefore, in view of the gap we are trying to bridge and, at the same time, the EU's future goals, we must not reduce either the EU budget or the funds for implementing cohesion policy.
Therefore, it is an absolute requirement that we reduce administrative formalities and put in place a modern administration adapted to the needs of SMEs.
Therefore, it is clear that the triangle Bulgaria-Romania-Greece is one of the most sensitive regions from the point of view of illegal migration and that requires Bulgaria to prepare additional measures to resist migration pressure. I think that the report should be accepted. I voted in favour.
Therefore, it is important for us to close the loopholes in this area so that we can take action against fraud more effectively.
Therefore, it is important that Member States find appropriate means for the implementation of the CSDP as the Lisbon Treaty provides a framework for upgrading cooperation on defence whilst achieving economies of scale, maintaining strategic relevance and providing security for the Union's citizens.
Therefore, it is not enough to propose constraints or curtail the European Union for European citizens.
Therefore, it is very important for us to change the time a complaint takes to be resolved and for the Committee on Petitions and the European Commission to work to shorten those times so that Member States do not evade the need to implement the Environmental Impact Assessment Directive.
Therefore, ladies and gentlemen, if everything is straightforward, as some of the speakers here this afternoon appear to be saying, let the executive college ascertain whether the Hungarian text is compatible and legally compliant with the foundations of our EU platform, and things will be clear.
Therefore, let us first conclude the reform of our internal governance, which is urgently needed and which will be a huge step forward once implemented.
Therefore, like all European policies, cooperation in the Schengen area should reflect the real situation to which it applies today, which is different from that of 10 years ago.
Therefore, my group can fully support the proposal not to grant discharge to the Council today.
Therefore, one of the most important challenges facing the European Union is the need to give particular attention and financial support to these two problems.
Therefore, our proposal for a resolution outlines two sets of measures: an appeal to the EU and also to the Security Council to extend to all the member countries the visa ban adopted by the African Union and also to increase humanitarian aid to the civilians in Madagascar.
Therefore, our resolution calls urgently on all EU institutions and on the Member States to do everything possible to prevent Mr al-Nashiri from being executed.
Therefore, retaining this value should become an aim of the common fisheries policy.
Therefore, rules for lobbying are ultimately a question of legitimacy. I supported this report which establishes a common register for lobbyists (transparency register) between the European Parliament and Commission.
Therefore, since urban policy is integrated into cohesion policy objectives, the latter should serve as a link with rural areas in order to foster inclusive development.
Therefore, some aspects of the resolution deserve our support, specifically the criticism of the lack 'of transparency with regard to the composition and work of the Commission's internal advisory committee on public procurement (ACPP) and the role and competences of the Advisory Committee on the Opening-Up of Public Procurement (CCO)'. We also agree with the call for 'the Commission to take steps to ensure that the composition of both this committee and the planned new advisory committee on public/private partnerships is balanced, including trade unionists and representatives of the business community, in particular, small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), and that they work in a transparent manner'.
Therefore, some of the principal questions arising from this debate are left without the required response: arms deals, the expansionist and warmongering policies of Israel and the systematic non-compliance with United Nations resolutions on the Western Sahara and Palestine.
Therefore, thanks to this incentive, and without significantly affecting the level of agricultural production, European farmers will also be able to produce goods for the market.
Therefore, the Commission consults its own services, Member States' relevant agencies and other stakeholders on an ongoing basis, for example, through meetings and public consultations.
Therefore, the Commission has also made proposals for the revision of the Financial Regulation aimed at clarifying the rules, ensuring their consistency with sectoral legislation and simplifying financial processes.
Therefore, the Commission is convinced that only a coordinated and Community-based process is adequate as opposed to unilateral initiatives by Member States to re-introduce internal border controls.
Therefore, the Commission is reflecting, in the framework of the reform of the common fisheries policy and the Financial Regulation, on how to further incentivise less fuel-intensive fishing.
Therefore, the Committee on Development has taken the initiative to analyse the lessons learnt with the DCI and to define our expectations for the future instrument.
Therefore, the Council probably needs to consider a more ambitious strategy than this partial strategy that you are currently applying.
Therefore, the European Urban Agenda must help reduce disparities in the strategic areas which every modern European city needs, namely, infrastructure, research and innovation, transport, environment, education, health and culture.
Therefore, the Sri Lankan Government should immediately start investigations on the violations of international humanitarian and human rights law.
Therefore, the Union must strengthen the ties binding it to its most powerful neighbour by encouraging the facilitation of trade between the two states (which itself leads to political convergence) and strengthening the assertion of their inherent values.
Therefore, the development of a Member State or region cannot be assessed solely by an economic indicator such as GDP: quality of life, which is determined by factors such as health, education, culture, employment, housing and climate and environmental conditions, must also be taken into account.
Therefore, the economic models that we are going to implement for the online movement of our cultural heritage exclude services that are free of charge.
Therefore, the evaluation of the Framework Programme can play a significant role in this respect: in other words, by seeking to reduce the obstacles to the European economy's growth that have been emerging, specifically by cutting red tape in procedures for accessing research support programmes.
Therefore, the existing programmes should continue to focus on active citizenship and the development of key competences, non-formal education and the promotion of European civil society.
Therefore, the fight against IUU fishing must be a central concern of any fisheries policy, as well as an essential element of international fisheries management of at the competent forums.
Therefore, the international community - specifically the European Union and the UN Security Council - must offer their unconditional support for the report's recommendations and take urgent steps towards the creation of an independent international mechanism to monitor the Sri Lankan Government's actions, ensure that crimes committed on both sides are investigated, and seek justice for the Sri Lankan people.
Therefore, the issue that brought us into this crisis is still the dominating factor and so far there has been no political leadership to tackle this. I believe that this is the main issue that needs to be discussed during the European Council meeting in the next few days.
Therefore, the members of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs have focused on protecting the workers involved by putting in place safety measures, health protection measures and training for employees on the subject of radioactive waste.
Therefore, the ongoing cooperation with local authorities must be expanded and their role in combating poverty and hunger, improving water and health services, and encouraging local economic development must be developed.
Therefore, the only effective method of preventing distortions in the market and continuing to control textile imports is still to subject such imports to verification procedures that require indication of the country of origin.
Therefore, the process of setting the key priorities for the future MFF, such as knowledge for economic growth, cohesion for economic growth and employment, management of natural resources and sustainable development, citizenship and Global Europe, will help ensure the appropriate allocation and optimum use of existing funds.
Therefore, the questions related to this matter can be considered European, not national issues.
Therefore, the remembrance, 70 years later, of the Baltic deportations is an opportunity for a deepened understanding that your past is our past and vice versa.
Therefore, their exposure to civil liability should be enhanced in order to provide a credible threat.
Therefore, there is certainly reason for us to continue, and intensify, our discussion of how the EU's economy can be organised in the interests of taxpayers.
Therefore, there would only be limited political support from Member States for a proposal that could lead to an increase in public expenditure.
Therefore, this FTA - whether its intellectual property rights chapter, its investment chapter or any other chapter - will not undermine the capacity of India to promote, produce or export generic medicines, including through compulsory licences.
Therefore, this aid - which we should remember is granted at national, not European, level, and is therefore dependent on each individual Member State's economic resources - could be seen by many people as causing an imbalance in competition, but in reality, it would provide a little relief to a sector that is increasingly on its knees.
Therefore, this debate is a golden opportunity to give an account of what it has achieved on a number of dossiers, in close cooperation with this House.
Therefore, this needs consideration.
Therefore, this report serves to highlight the relevance of an unknown programme while calling for changes: to alter the overly burdensome administrative and financial regulations and the low rate of success that make this programme still too prohibitive for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), at a time when they play an important role in turning research outcomes into products and services; to ensure better cooperation and coordination between the various stakeholders at a time when the funding of research still remains split between national and European sources.
Therefore, this review is of crucial importance, since 50% of the funding for FP7 has still not been spent. I therefore agree with the rapporteur, specifically as regards the recommendations regarding the need to simplify mechanisms for accessing funds, making procedures simpler and more transparent, and facilitating the activities of small and medium-sized enterprises.
Therefore, this valuable natural source should be used for production rather than short-sighted energy.
Therefore, to ensure - and to finance, if necessary - early intervention, and to ensure that the banks pay for the banks: that is what we consider to be an orderly resolution, and I intend to present this proposal both to the Council of Ministers and to you yourselves before the end of the summer.
Therefore, transparency must be increased and the administrative burden reduced so that more SMEs would be interested in becoming involved in programmes in the future, to ensure the Union's effectiveness in relation to research, development and innovation.
Therefore, we also do not believe that the 2013 budget level for agriculture should be retained, but would welcome the distribution of agricultural aid evenly between the Member States.
Therefore, we are disappointed that, despite the attempts which the rapporteur has made and is still making, these two aspects were omitted from the report. I would like to say to the Commission that a significant majority of this House is in favour of these two aspects.
Therefore, we are making it clear that cohesion policy must be more transparent and results-oriented and must involve less red tape.
Therefore, we are not here to demonise antibiotic use in animal husbandry, but we want to ask the Commission to provide a concrete response for the more efficient and effective use of antibiotics, in order to reduce resistance in animals.
Therefore, we ask you to allocate resources to fundamental programmes such as employment programmes and youth training programmes or to the programme that has been torn to shreds by the Court of Justice, the most deprived persons programme.
Therefore, we cannot delude ourselves about this: until Europe puts its economic house in order, for example, by issuing bonds, nothing can be done.
Therefore, we may need a period which runs into spring of next year.
Therefore, we must make it clear to Russia that we want a partnership based on equality and on common interests.
Therefore, we need comprehensive documentation of all the waste and its management, while it remains harmful to people and the environment.
Therefore, we need to stop for at least a second or two to think about the reasons for this.
Therefore, we now submit the package to the European Council, whose President's name is Herman Van Rompuy, and who will decide on a course of action.
Therefore, we should avoid any corner-cutting in trying to reach our renewable goals.
Therefore, we should ensure that the targets set at the Barcelona European Council of providing childcare to at least 90% of children between the age of three and the mandatory school age, and to at least 33% of children under the age of three, are met.
Therefore, we voted in favour of this report.
Therefore, we want to guarantee that appropriate funding is made available at the right time and in accordance with the 'polluter pays' principle, that the national programmes include detailed and reliable cost forecasts and that the employees and the population as a whole are given information about all the issues relating to waste management.
Therefore, we will now invite the Member States to send representatives from the relevant authorities to us so that we can discuss with these authorities before the summer recess how we can incorporate the consequences of crime.
Therefore, we will set out in a Handbook on the Arrest Warrant the lines to take at that level.
Therefore, what was needed was for the Commission to adopt a strong position in order to change the situation; to bring an end to tax havens; to control the financial markets; and to prevent the exacerbation of inequality and exploitation.
Therefore, when balancing these interests, we must continue in future to consider whether higher CO2 emission reduction targets are feasible, whether they will help to retain jobs in 'old industries' and whether we can prevent these jobs from being moved elsewhere.
Therefore, when introducing such a system, it is necessary to properly assess the impact of its application, set out the desired objectives more specifically and establish clearly the future direction to be taken with regard to environmental economic accounts.
Therefore, while I acknowledge the importance of adopting a clearly defined system for measuring GDP, I call on the Commission to submit, in the first instance, a tiered strategy that shows how the new 'Beyond GDP' approach can be used in day-to-day political work.
Therefore, with proper use of the arrest warrant, proportionality, strict application of the instrument, better exchange of information and training on European issues for magistrates, we are sure that uniform application of this important instrument can be achieved in full.
These 'exceptional trade measures' with the partners in the Western Balkans, under the EU Stabilisation and Association process, are indeed preferential tariff measures which guarantee easier access to the EU market for the partner countries' exports.
These Eurobonds can be issued by the EFSF, by the ESM or by a new European agency in the future.
These accounts should contribute to policy evaluation, particularly by making data available concerning the environmental impact of economic activities.
These agencies are a clear expression of the financialisation of the economy - that do not translate or correspond to actual increases in productive activity - and they constitute a central part of neoliberalism's development strategy, which is always seeking levels of profit that real production cannot ensure, because of the well-known trend towards decreasing profits.
These agencies started out as information middlemen, facilitating access to the market for debt issuers and investors, enabling reduced information costs and, therefore, greater liquidity and transparency.
These agreements can be split into three categories: horizontal agreements, which align existing bilateral agreements; comprehensive agreements, which seek to ensure fair competition; and lastly, safety agreements, which are intended to ensure a high level of civil aviation safety.
These agricultural undertakings comply with the same rules and provide the same services as small undertakings in other countries, and they fulfil the conditions for direct payments equally well.
These amendments go even further than the Commission's initial proposal for the regulation, as they considerably expand the scope of the review and withdrawal mechanisms which are already a source of major concern for Member States and many Members of Parliament.
These and other matters are still not being met with the response that they need: the necessary rectification of the policies backing them up.
These applications, which are largely based on the US GPS system at present, account for around 6% of the EU's total GDP.
These are Nea Dimokratia proposals, which the government has been unable to implement for 18 months now.
These are all backward steps which will further complicate the CAP and do nothing to help farmers respond to market forces.
These are all problems for the credibility of the tests, but the stress tests are only the beginning.
These are all things that could still substantially influence this outcome. I therefore think that we should wait for the Commission to produce its proposal - and I think that will happen very soon - at which point we will actually know what we are talking about.
These are all things which damage the reputation of the European Union every day, because everyone who looks at the situation puts their head in their hands and says: 'You cannot seriously mean this'. Most importantly, some agencies have not reached the critical mass to enable them to work efficiently.
These are antisocial, regressive policies that abandon development and condemn the Portuguese workers and people to unemployment, poverty, underdevelopment and extreme dependence, turning Portugal into a mere protectorate or colony of the powers of the European Union.
These are areas of concern in which we need to make changes in the future in order to prevent and avoid bad management, irregularities, fraud, conflicts of interest and, at the end of the day, bad expenditure.
These are determinants of children's healthy and balanced mental and physical growth.
These are fairly ambitious targets, but they are necessary for economic growth and for making the Member States more competitive, thereby creating jobs.
These are highly educated, highly motivated young people and what we need is to hold them, to keep them, to introduce the kind of imaginative schemes that you have already mentioned in the three Member States, Germany, the Netherlands and Austria. I welcome the fact that the Commission is recommending initiatives to the Member States. I think that in some of the Member States, however, we need some financial assistance in terms of training people and keeping them at home, because I think that, rather than feeding the jobs market within the EU, they will be feeding the job markets of Australia and other countries further afield.
These are just two specific examples that show that we are making progress and that the devil is in the detail.
These are measures which, once the Agreement has been adopted, should go from being a voluntary model to a package of mandatory minimum standards for port states, with the aim of monitoring, controlling and inspecting foreign-flagged fishing vessels using their harbours.
These are not figures made up by me to suit party-political propaganda, but estimates from the European Court of Auditors.
These are only the major examples of common standards among the 27 Member States, as encouraged by this initiative, and are the basis of my vote for it.
These are politicians that we can never trust, so, Mr Rehn, how are you going to guarantee that Dutch taxpayers are not going to be terribly swindled once again?
These are questions that need answers and I believe that the Commission must investigate.
These are significant matters for hundreds of farmers in Wales who run high-quality businesses that in many cases have been in families for generations. I demand explanations.
These are small but important steps that will be appreciated not just by consumers, since the directive, as amended, will also bring benefits to small and medium-sized enterprises, enabling them to extend their business across borders too, where many of them, especially the smaller entrepreneurs, still find it difficult to operate, due to consumers' mistrust of new technologies, online transactions, assurances that they will get their money back and legal restitution in cases of a change of mind.
These are the circumstances in which the time has arrived to suggest a new round of stress tests, but in a totally different situation, with new European supervisory authorities.
These are the figures that we must bear in mind in order to understand the importance of a European strategy for sustainable forestry management and in order to protect this significant European heritage more effectively.
These are the latest steps in this process of interference and extortion, which is openly colonial in complexion.
These are the principles behind our SME policy as presented in the review of the Small Business Act for Europe. I will outline five avenues of work in the frame of your five questions in the oral question in my response on behalf of the Commission.
These are the requests made in the resolution adopted in the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development on 12 April this year and which will be put to the vote in this Chamber tomorrow.
These are the situations which create the problems for a tool which could be effective if used properly.
These are the tasks for the future and this requires a smarter and bigger budget.
These are the years when children learn and become familiar with the tools that as adults they will use to elaborate cognitive mechanisms that are different, but necessary for their future education and work. I therefore voted for this report because we are talking about protecting childhood, the right of thousands of children to go to school or to be given the best possible conditions in which to learn.
These are tough times and budgets are not limitless.
These are types of projects in which the Member States have to decide, using threshold values, whether the results of this assessment mean that an EIA must be carried out.
These are young societies where young people long for greater opportunities, and the European Parliament has a big role to play in supporting those opportunities for young people to gain benefits and knowledge from Europe.
These are, firstly, leaner procedures for national funds, and, secondly, the provision that sport and culture are also an element of cohesion that is both important and decisive.
These are, firstly, the promotion and revival of local cultural heritage, which may be linguistic, musical, architectural or artistic in the broadest sense, in order to safeguard diversity and individuality of intellectual horizons in an age of generalisation, or rather trivialisation and devaluation of the cultural message.
These areas include research and fostering innovation, combating unemployment, poverty and exclusion, adequate preparedness for demographic changes, responsible use of natural resources, internal and external security, regional and agricultural policy, and development of energy and transport infrastructure.
These aspects are also linked to the priorities set by the European Union for the coming years.
These assumptions therefore need to be borne in mind when international agreements are being negotiated in future.
These bailouts are not merely unauthorised under the Treaties, they are expressly prohibited and, worst of all, they are damaging to the recipient countries.
These bodies have been charged with implementing a shameful act of outside intervention that does not even respect the rights and exclusive competences of the Portuguese Parliament, or take into account that we are in the run-up to parliamentary elections.
These cases are inseparable from a common agricultural policy (CAP) that promotes intensive, export-oriented production models, instead of encouraging, as is necessary, local production and consumption, which could ensure much more effective traceability and, consequently, greater food security.
These challenges are very real.
These charges to me have a smell of being politically motivated. I fear that President Yanukovych is trying to neutralise the only Ukrainian political figure with enough gravitas, courage and popularity to challenge his authority.
These choices illustrate an unacceptable attitude endorsed by the Commission; they set entire European policies in stone and no one anywhere is held to account.
These companies often target victims that are based in another Member State.
These concepts - which often start out simply as ideas - should be supported at EU level by means of easier access to funding, simplified authorisation procedures and cheap and straightforward patents, amongst other things.
These concern financing decisions, information needs for reporting and monitoring purposes, work programmes showing all available resources of the budget, and financial procedures and checklists.
These controls could lead to recommendations to the Member States for immediate actions and deadlines for implementing them.
These costs will still admit of some exceptions, provided that the Member State requesting them has a good reason for doing so. There will be incentives to promote the renewal of the fleet of heavy goods vehicles, derogations for heavy goods vehicles fitted with less polluting engines and, finally, the toll charge may vary according to the time of travel.
These countries are not only forced to absorb the cost of fuel, but will now have to do the same with the additional costs of tolls, thereby losing competitiveness.
These countries have the right to become part of the area of free movement.
These countries, which joined the European Union in 2007, adopted only some of the provisions concerning the Schengen area, and have applied them within this limited scope ever since.
These data could act as an important aid to taking decisions on environmental measures.
These data would help us to consider whether something benefits the environment, whether something benefits the environment and, at the same time, benefits the economy, or whether something benefits the economy and, at the same time, benefits the environment, and hence also our social environment.
These days, we ask not merely how businesses achieve their economic results, but also who they hire and how staff are treated. A responsible business is an active and aware participant in the social reality in which it operates, and makes its relationships with all the parties involved in its activities the main source of its prosperity.
These demands include stronger oversight of risks that a firm takes on, high standards of independence and diversity for members of firms' boards, including better gender balance and, crucially, transparency around pay, so shareholders and the public can hold banks to account.
These deportations were chiefly designed to deprive Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania of their social and political elite.
These differences in contract law discourage companies, and small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in particular, from dedicating themselves to cross-border trade, thus preventing them from accessing the new opportunities and income offered by the Internal Market.
These directory company practices are also clearly outside the law, according to the directive on misleading and comparative advertising.
These do not only include high technology and discoveries, but also social, business, management, marketing and other innovations, which demand ever more effective application of knowledge, and more active collaboration with universities and research centres.
These efforts should also be applied to the area of lifelong training and in promoting mobility.
These euro securities would aim to strengthen fiscal discipline and increase stability through markets as well as, by taking advantage of the increase in liquidity, ensuring that the Member States enjoying the highest credit standards would not suffer from higher interest rates.
These evaluations were declared classified by the Commission and we believe that they must be made available to the European Parliament as soon as possible.
These exceptional measures came to an end on 31 December 2010 and if they are not extended, there will be severe consequences for wealth creation, jeopardising economic recovery and the internal reform and transition processes. I therefore agree with the amendments proposed by the rapporteur, as well as the extension of these measures until 31 December 2015, subject to the necessary adjustments resulting from the new bilateral agreements with Bosnia and Herzegovina and Serbia.
These exceptions should remain exceptions, for I cannot emphasise strongly enough that reintroducing border controls is not a desirable development for Europe, neither in the current circumstances nor in relation to the future challenges that we will face sooner or later.
These expectations are often also the result, as has already been pointed out here, of additional restrictions introduced by Member States.
These factors are compounded by the inadequacy of the funds provided for the 2007-2013 period, particularly taking account of the enlargement of the EU, and the use of only 27.1% of available resources in the current period, as well as the continuation of national cofinancing and the administrative burden.
These factors will have a significant impact on energy costs in the medium term, and we will need to assess their repercussions on Europe's current environmental strategy.
These figures are worrying and lead one to think that the school and educational system is often neglected and does not receive the investment it needs.
These figures reflect a fundamental need for effective European policy on forests, and on their use and sustainability, not only in environmental terms, but also as a key economic resource.
These figures reveal the importance of forests for all EU Member States, but particularly for Portugal, which has forests with very specific characteristics and plays an important role in regional planning and combating forest fires.
These functions include providing natural resources for production and consumption activities, waste absorption by environmental media and environmental services offering life support.
These funds should, in fact, be increased, so that everyone, regardless of their age, gender or location, has access to the same opportunities in terms of vocational education and careers.
These groups, and I quote verbatim from the Europol report 'are seeking to expand their interests in the EU, and may exploit opportunities in the possible accession of Bulgaria and Romania to the Schengen Zone'. Europol Director, Rob Wainwright, stated in an interview that 'The possible accession into Schengen of Bulgaria and Romania and visa liberalisation for Ukraine - one would see these as potential new opportunities for organised crime'. We have a duty to our citizens to take Europol's warnings seriously.
These have shown that there is a lot of progress, but there are still some things to be done, and we are in dialogue with the Kosovo Government in order to help and assist them to do these last things.
These improvements reflect a clear reality: The EU and its Member States are the biggest financial contributors to the UN system, with EU funds amounting to 38% of the UN regular budget, more than two fifths of UN peacekeeping operations and close to half of the contributions to the UN funds and programmes.
These include a legal framework for the Semester and surveillance of national reform programmes, independence of national statistical offices and fines for fraud, Commission surveillance missions, an economic dialogue between all stakeholders, and substantially greater transparency throughout.
These include areas such as data protection, police cooperation, the control of external air, sea and land borders, the issuing of visas and the appropriate implementation of the SIS and SIRENE functions.
These include establishing common borders, citizenship arrangements for the citizens in the north and in the south, the fair distribution of oil revenues and the use of oil pipelines.
These include identifying how the annual maintenance cost of Galileo, which is estimated at EUR 800 million, will be financed once it has become operational; the possible data protection risks associated with using global navigation satellite system applications and services; and the pressing need to find additional funding to ensure that operations involving the European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service (EGNOS) and Galileo are soon successful.
These include, for example, the Convention on Human Rights, as well as the Treaties of the European Union, and I believe that we should be able to debate this issue in this Chamber.
These include, in particular, plans for a European student lending facility, the European Youth Guarantee, to ensure that young people are in either training or employment within four months of leaving school, and the recently announced Youth at Work plan, designed to build contacts between young people and businesses.
These include, in particular, recognising the connection between poverty, a disadvantaged situation, and poor school performance. I would like to remind my fellow Members that there is an additional connection: the disadvantaged situation is particularly pronounced in cases where the child is living with disabilities that the parents, who are inadequately informed, neither understand nor accept. I will pay careful attention to this problem in the report I am currently working on. The work carried out by Mrs Honeyball and, in particular, the adoption of a child-centred approach, will be an excellent reference base in the future.
These industries are an asset for the EU, partly because their exponential growth over the past 25 years has created tens of thousands of jobs.
These initiatives were created as the result of wide-ranging consultations with associations of small and medium-sized enterprises and the relevant authorities.
These instruments provide for minimum standards which should underpin the adoption of measures by States in order to monitor, control and inspect foreign-flagged fishing vessels wishing to use their harbours.
These interventions, which are only some of many, are specific and necessary in order to maintain the equilibriums that are essential for the territories.
These issues are the subject of other evaluations, such as the European Commission's Cooperation and Verification Mechanism. I want to welcome also the suggestions made by Commissioner Malmström yesterday regarding a new package of anti-corruption measures.
These issues must also be considered in the light of our neighbourhood policy, trade with North Africa and support for democratisation, as well as Europe's own long-term labour shortages and efforts to boost European competitiveness.
These issues therefore fall exclusively within the remit of national law, with due regard for the relevant international obligations of Greece, including the relevant conventions of the International Labour Organisation.
These lead to cases of financial ruin, the destruction of previously stable jobs, unemployment, helplessness and, needless to say, an extremely hazardous public health crisis.
These matters impact on one another, and that is why I am trying to explain here that, unless we are prepared to make changes now, the public are not going to back us and we will lose out in the significant, major issues.
These measures are aimed at mitigating the crisis and revitalising the economy of these countries.
These measures cannot, however, be considered in isolation from the situation of severe economic and social crisis that exists today in the Balkans, particularly in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia and Kosovo.
These measures may result in savings of millions of euro a year for European and Canadian companies thanks to shorter and simpler, and hence less costly, product-approval procedures.
These measures will both ensure that people have appropriate, reliable knowledge about the goods on the market and make them appreciate the uniqueness of European manufacturing.
These modules are air emissions - in this regard, we are very well aware of which gases are emitted into the air.
These mutual interests must be handled positively and constructively, and where external policy is concerned, this naturally also means that Russia must take on some responsibility.
These negotiations concluded with the initialling of a new protocol on the 3 June 2010, which was then amended by exchange of letters on 29 October 2010.
These new concessions are absurd, since they are concentrated in a sector - textiles - which is a dominant sector in Pakistan but which in Europe, on the other hand, has been destroyed precisely as a result of unfair competition from Asian countries.
These new criteria, relating to incompatibilities with established policies of the Union or general principles of the Union set out in Article 21 of the Treaty, could be regarded as opening the door to all sorts of additional requirements that existing investment agreements should meet. I believe such an approach would be strongly opposed by Member States as considerably increasing the level of legal uncertainty for investors benefiting from these agreements.
These numbers reflect a need for European policy on forests to make them sustainable, both in environmental and economic terms.
These objectives pursue the European ambition, laid out for the first time in the Lisbon strategy, to make the Union the world's most competitive knowledge-based economy.
These obstacles are particularly difficult to overcome for SMEs, which nevertheless are the most effective tool for boosting growth.
These oil deposits produce more than three times the carbon emissions of conventional oil and their exploitation is also extremely damaging to the local environment and a threat to the First Nations communities who live in the region.
These people already have huge problems in this area.
These people are clearly a reason for European action and solidarity.
These people should be at the centre of any urban policy.
These place a very significant cost on business, on the economy and, of course, on the pockets of ordinary citizens.
These policies do not serve the interests of the people of Europe or their hope of real growth.
These practices must be condemned, because they do not enter into the spirit of the EU's Stability and Growth Pact and, above all, because they greatly harm the economic recovery of economically powerful nations such as Catalonia.
These priorities and objectives will not be fully realised and achieved if the EU does not ensure long-term financial support in its budget.
These problems require harmonised action at EU level so that young people are better prepared for the labour market.
These programmes are very important as during their early years, children have a particular ability to learn things, and they can determine children's entire educational and professional paths.
These projects will make everyday life easier from now on. They represent added value not only for industry but also for transport in Europe, which is why I fully support them.
These proposals are a good starting point, but I need a few more things on top of that.
These proposals will be taken into account when we are preparing new programmes for the next Multiannual Financial Framework. I fully agree that our public procurement legislation is very complex, and a great many errors are occurring in the area of public procurement.
These proposals would reverse this unfair situation, giving victims a better chance of getting their money back.
These provisions of the partnership thereby make it possible to operate in conjunction with local authorities, creating important jobs; they also permit Europe to be present in otherwise prohibited areas, thereby facilitating the development of practices of 'good fishing' and making it possible to monitor the presence and quantity of the fish stocks concerned.
These recommendations are going in the right direction to improve education and training in connection with the labour market and to reduce unemployment and social exclusion, but they will not be enough if Member States and the Commission do not make sufficient efforts at a time when youth unemployment is becoming the major political challenge in many Member States, particularly in my country, France.
These regions will thus receive financial aid according to criteria more suited to their situation. I fully support this proposal, which will, for instance, benefit directly people living in my constituency in Languedoc-Roussillon.
These relations, between the most important European political union and the largest European state, are stalled.
These reports show an understanding of the importance of regional policy as something that builds Europe as a whole and that creates unity, both of which phenomena they deal with excellently.
These reservations are borne out by statements in the report, such as that the optional instrument 'must offer a very high level of consumer protection, in order to compensate consumers for the protection that they would normally enjoy under their national law'. It also stresses that the instrument proposed at EU-level, which is the same for all contracts in the European Union, is also set out in very general terms.
These reserves cannot be made available by, for example, all the policies or objectives relating to energy efficiency, transport and so on being incorporated into the cohesion policy.
These restrictions will also allow improvements to the state of the infrastructure, which suffers the greatest damage at those very hours of peak traffic.
These rules aim to create perception that the problems of nuclear waste are solved but nothing could be further from the truth.
These safeguards can give Parliament the necessary reassurance that deviation from the Commission's proposals and recommendations will be kept to a minimum and that cases of non-compliance with the rules, and thus the need for explanations, will be very rare exceptions.
These sanctions existed on paper, but, as we remember and as we know, there have been no real sanctions to date.
These sectors also appear in the Europe 2020 strategy, which aims to deliver smart, sustainable and inclusive growth through knowledge, innovation and the promotion of social and territorial cohesion.
These services have a huge financial value: EUR 200 million annually, which is to say, that around 3 to 4% of economic growth depends on there being enough spectrum.
These should lead to the creation of a bedrock of international rules shared by all Member States.
These should undergo the necessary impact assessments and scrutiny, and should not be a shot from the hip, which could be counterproductive, increasing the barriers to entry into the markets and the risk of more conservative ratings, with subsequent effects on the real economy and lending.
These special reports are of great importance when reflecting on and changing and/or adapting programmes and projects, because they can result in a more efficient use of human and budgetary resources. I appreciate the positive attitude of the Commission to these processes and its willingness to take prompt action to remedy most of the shortcomings noted by the Court of Auditors in these reports.
These stress tests must establish a situation whereby no data can be provided that cannot be verified subsequently.
These studies should lead to the abstention of the Commission, if its action turns out to be pointless, redundant or costly.
These systems can also play a vital role in supporting and promoting the use of so-called intelligent transport systems.
These targets are ambitious, given that the current situation is so unstable and forces young people to live in a perpetual state of uncertainty, far removed from the encouraging prospect of a stable job in the future and of their place in society.
These territorial cooperation areas are privileged areas for European cooperation, particularly cross-border cooperation.
These tests are essential; they must take place in a spirit of complete independence so that this confidence can be regained.
These trade concessions, as the report itself acknowledges, will harm the European Union's textile industry, and the countries and regions most dependent on it. This impact is severe in a sector that is already very weakened - hit hard as it was by the liberalisation of world trade - and which is concentrated in regions with high levels of unemployment, poverty and marginalisation, and with low economic diversification.
These trade preferences were granted for a period ending on 31 December 2010.
These trade preferences were granted for the period that ended on 31 December 2010 and which currently apply to Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia and Kosovo.
These trade preferences, which currently apply to Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia and Kosovo, were granted for a period ending on 31 December 2010, but their validity should now be extended to 31 December 2015 so as not to jeopardise these countries' economic recovery.
These two amendments (10 and 11) were supported to stop a cap or ceiling being introduced for direct payments.
These two anniversaries remind us how much has changed in Europe and how we Europeans were able to push through changes in Central and Eastern Europe with minimal losses, which culminated in the reunification of Eastern and Western Europe.
These two areas of investment are the key to the rapid growth of the European Union.
These two groups are the most vulnerable and the most susceptible to violence or sexual abuse and it would therefore be very positive if a decisive step were taken on this matter at the upcoming ILO conference.
These two initiatives play a vital role both in strengthening relations with the states in the immediate vicinity and in terms of energy security.
These two proposals to amend directives are crucial to the survival of European manufacturing companies.
These weaknesses in budgetary planning do not therefore give us the guarantee of specific value for these four agencies.
These will lapse when the EU-Canada Civil Aviation Safety Agreement ("the Agreement”) enters into force.
These will offer greater information about the characteristics and origins of textile products imported from third countries and sold in the European Union, thereby protecting consumers from false, improper and deceptive claims of origin. I hope it will encourage innovation in textiles and clothing, making it easier for consumers to benefit from innovative products.
These workers are often exposed to poverty and irregular conditions, are more likely to be victims of mistreatment, paid irregularly, or subjected to violence or sexual abuse, and are less likely to approach the authorities to seek protection and claim their rights, for fear of being returned to their country of origin and/or punished by their employers.
These workers have been hastily and unfairly blamed, and have lost income and seen their futures seriously threatened.
They actually do very concrete analytical and policy work, including the exchange of experience, and help deliver European policies, in these particular instances, in the area of employment and social issues.
They address the challenge of maintaining and further developing Schengen in view of the migration crisis. I did briefly touch on this in my reply to Mr Papanikolaou's question, but these elements should, of course, be kept in mind in this context as well.
They affected 91 banks in the European Union, but were criticised because they lacked a European focus, because each country decided which banks should be subjected to the tests, because the scenario was different for each country, and because the information provided was often incorrect; we all remember the case of Ireland and the lack of information on some aspects of the exposure to sovereign debt of some countries' banks.
They aggregate information about the credit quality of issuers in a global environment with asymmetric information between debt issuers and investors, allowing issuers to access global and domestic markets, reducing information costs and widening the potential pool of investors, thus providing liquidity to markets and helping find prices.
They aim to cover the whole innovation chain, from supporting excellent R&D to making sure that we have the conditions in place to bring the results of that R&D to the market successfully.
They also bring an added value as a factor of social cohesion and play a major role in the promotion of the cultural and linguistic diversity of the EU. It is therefore crucial from an economic as much as a social viewpoint to support these industries.
They also refuse to allow the Ministers of Finance of those States whose public accounts are tipping into the red to be heard by Parliament.
They anticipate the future and forecast the evolution of society, because they see more quickly and further than politicians.
They are a step that will allow us to ensure that our policies are consistent, that will allow us to achieve international commitments and the objective of a greener European economy.
They are all calling for justice and fairness, both in the distribution of wealth within society and in democratic participation in political decision making, including international relations.
They are almost always negotiated in secret, behind the public's backs, seeking to cover up their economic, social and environmental impact, and avoiding clear, informed debate.
They are also fraudulent, because anyone who lures lone traders and firms to their directory solely for their own benefit and enrichment is clearly engaging in malpractice.
They are also one of the principal drivers of European growth, since they create new jobs and stimulate innovation.
They are among the highest standards in the world, and so it is an abuse of history to exploit Chernobyl today for the purposes of anti-nuclear propaganda based on sheer prejudice.
They are asking us to open up our markets, but they do not trade among themselves. I think it is important that we say: yes we are ready to support you, but you should also open up your economy and integrate into the global economy.
They are being removed from public media en masse, and representatives of the government are trying to close down the independent, privately-owned daily newspaper Rzeczpospolita, which is the second largest quality daily in Poland and which is critical, incidentally, of the government's position.
They are either missions better performed by NATO, straightforward civilian missions, or they are passive missions involving military personnel.
They are even less in a position to preach to us, considering that the governments led by friends of theirs have created these deficits through tax reductions that are as unfair as they are ineffective: is that not right, Mr Gauzès? They make grand statements about the Europe 2020 strategy, but they refuse to allow spending to prepare for the future, such as spending on investment, to be excluded from the calculation of the deficits.
They are faced with major challenges, including fluctuations in the price of raw materials, high production costs and low income levels.
They are generally agreements that lack increasing democratic legitimacy as they are almost always negotiated in the greatest secrecy, behind the public's backs, in an attempt to cover up their economic, social and environmental impact, and avoid informed debate and clarification.
They are in oil, they are in the North of Sudan, but it is definitely a great help when the broader international community tries to find a solution to the issues.
They are increasingly aligned with the United States and the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO), putting development cooperation and aid in second place.
They are intending to do all of this just to favour the international banks, along with a handful of big companies and financial institutions in Portugal, and a few of their lackeys.
They are mentioned in relation to nuclear power stations; they are mentioned in relation to banks.
They are not political debates. I therefore hope that all the other groups will agree to this as a favour to our Commissioner, who, I might add, is working very hard at the moment.
They are not ready now, and they never will be.
They are not the problem: it is us and our inability to show solidarity and our inability to be open.
They are of highly questionable value and undermine the Member States which, in my view, should remain the primary vehicle for managing cohesion spending.
They are probably the last chance before the definitive failure of European economic policy is declared.
They are promoting the strategic alliance between the EU and NATO and laying plans for imperialist interventions and wars by the EU in all corners of the planet on the pretext of 'crisis management', 'humanitarian aid' and 'the fight against terrorism', with priority being given to securing positions in the infighting between the imperialists raging in North Africa and the Middle East in general.
They are proposing to increase, particularly through the European External Action Service, the resources for implementing a political and diplomatic agenda whose principle goal is increasing the EU's weight and influence in these organisations, with a view to exploiting them.
They are risking their lives, clamouring to improve conditions and to start the transition to democracy by toppling the current regimes.
They are seeking to legitimise the EU in multilateral organisations - the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO), the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) and the World Bank - and are seeking to replace states with regional integration organisations, for example, in the United Nations General Assembly, where each country and its people still have the same weight, irrespective of their size.
They are specific to the Union and often at odds with national interests.
They are the focus of my concerns, as they are the main victims.
They are the tools at our disposal to help Europe through the economic crisis that we currently face.
They are told there is no alternative to this; it is a form of sado-monetarism, and it is sending them crazy.
They are used in almost all fields of human activity and it is therefore necessary to ensure the greatest possible clarity in their use and set rules for their use within the European Union for economic, public health, public safety or administrative purposes.
They are, above all, the result of the financialisation of the economy - that do not translate or correspond to actual increases in productive activity - and they constitute a central part of neoliberalism's development strategy, which is always seeking levels of profit that real production cannot ensure.
They believe that the deficits are primarily the product of bad intentions on the part of those States, as though the neoliberal model that you never question had not just been through its worst crisis since 1929, and as if it were not already leading to pressure on the buying power of ordinary people and causing a massive contraction in tax income: two problems that were at the root of the rise in private and public indebtedness in the first place.
They came to see us in their capacity as Vice-Chairs of the European Systemic Risk Board, and we had the pleasure of hearing, from Mervyn King in particular - it was rather amusing, if you recall last year's negotiations, Commissioner - that the safeguard clauses, which the Member States delighted in adding to the package developed by the Commission, would not prevent them from following the recapitalisation guidelines given by the European Banking Authority (EBA).
They can, for example, include domestic workers in national rules and go beyond the minimum requirements.
They cannot understand that the crisis was certainly not caused by Greece or even by the sovereign debt situation, but by the financial markets, which until the other day were unregulated.
They clearly fall under the powers of the Member States.
They comply with the following: they comply with the data protection requirements, they comply with the Schengen Information System (SIS), they comply with police cooperation, they comply with the issue of visas and they comply with the control of external borders by air, sea and land.
They continued to claim that they were only expressing an opinion, although they knew very well that their ratings were, in fact, being used as a seal of approval.
They cover simplification, the need to coordinate funding, the attempt to develop Europe 2020, excellence and innovation, while reflecting the fact that there are two main strands to all this: the first is small and medium-sized enterprises, the beating heart of Europe, where we must promote innovation and promote it through simplification; and the second is large research centres, which we really ought to have more of.
They did not participate in the committee debate on the discharge procedure, nor did they provide access to important documents which would have been necessary for granting discharge, and the European Council did not answer the questions of the parliamentary committee either.
They do not have the freedom to choose, however, as society places little if any value on the work of women in the home and in caring for children.
They do not have trained administrators.
They do not need to be added to this Register: but, if they have separate offices exclusively tasked with maintaining contact with European institutions, they must be included in their Register, though subject to a different legal regime to stakeholders.
They do not take the measures necessary for the effective elimination of discrimination in the workplace or profession, or for the elimination of forced labour or insecure or poorly paid work, including child labour.
They failed to carry out such screening, which, in our view, was a requirement.
They give rise to costs, and those costs are currently borne by the taxpayers, rather than those responsible for the costs.
They have also realised that, if they do this intelligently, it will benefit their economies in the end.
They have correctly raised the call for true democracy.
They have demonstrated that they are ready to join, that they have made the necessary progress, and hopefully there will very soon be a possibility to achieve a way forward and a decision by the Council.
They have failed to coordinate or to manage the situation.
They have met both the shadow rapporteurs and the lead rapporteur on several occasions and, thanks to their constructive dialogue, I think that we have achieved a great deal.
They have the death penalty as well, and the torture inflicted in Guantánamo is the same as in Belarus, to which you are objecting.
They have to accept cutting their economy to a level that will put them in total economic depression.
They have to work hard to achieve an understanding between 27 Member States, to reflect Europe's unity and willingness to overcome the crisis and preserve the essence of European integration. I am impressed that my country's first EU Presidency happens to be during such a challenging period and I hope that the European Council this week will live up to the expectations.
They have worked well and hard and they should receive what is theirs by right - this is no gift.
They include Hussain Osman, one of the 2005 London bombers.
They include the need to ensure equal market access rights for airlines from all Member States, preventing concealed dumping practices financed directly by national policies, in breach of Community rules on State aid.
They include, therefore, introducing transparency so as to learn how spectrum is currently allocated and managed - that is, the inventory principle - and also finding innovative and original solutions to the electronic communications sector's growing demand for use of frequencies.
They intend to use economic governance to institutionalise and make permanent the interventionist policies and measures associated with current, ongoing examples of IMF-EU meddling.
They involve a huge number of young people from various backgrounds (the number of Polish students who went abroad on an Erasmus grant between 1998 and 2010 was 93 807) and they contribute to the development of young people's potential and the creation of a strong European civil society.
They know Sri Lanka and they know what is going on. I do not know where Ms Delli is getting all this nonsense from.
They lack focus and they are too complicated. I am happy to say that, in his proposals, Albert Dess has set out a very sensible framework in which we can develop future reform.
They lie in a very delicate area between mainstream business and the creation of cultural products.
They made every effort to control the fire.
They maintain that rules of national contract law are not a factor in influencing consumer attitudes to buying from another Member State; in fact, there are other genuine barriers to cross-border trade, such as administrative and cultural differences and a lack of effective means of redress for consumers.
They make a fundamental contribution to economic growth, social cohesion and job creation, are a major source of innovation, and play a vital role in sustaining and increasing employment and helping to achieve the main aims of the flagship initiative EU 2020.
They make it possible for individuals to acquire the qualities which are characteristic of a mobile workforce.
They merely permit the technical and substantive preparation of a political decision.
They must also ensure that the project developers provide the international mediating organisations, the IAEA and the Espoo Convention secretariat, with clear and substantiated responses as regards the choice of construction sites, environmental impact, reparations and evacuation plans.
They must also provide encouragement to the parties in the Alliance for European Integration to continue implementing the reforms which they have committed to undertake.
They must be characterised by total independence and transparency, must follow a clear methodology, and must proceed to a substantiated and objective analysis of the potential effects, which is always accompanied by a cost-benefit analysis.
They must be eligible for aid that is better targeted and funded, so that each region can remain at the European average, whatever its structural handicap, however far behind it is because of the past, or whatever its exposure to current or future crises.
They must be given greater encouragement by making the rules for accessing funds more flexible and by promoting them.
They must ensure transparency in relation to their assets, their claims on the public purse and the reimbursement of campaign costs, in other words in relation to the actual moneys they have received from public bodies in their own countries during their election campaigns.
They must first, and above all, continue to be recognised as means of liberation for the greatest number of people and as instruments for sharing knowledge and know-how.
They must include the operators' evaluation of their own nuclear power plant and the conclusions drawn by the operators on the basis of the inspection criteria and the consequences of Fukushima.
They need to be notified to the World Trade Organisation.
They need to have growth and investment and we can deliver on that within the European Union.
They obviously enjoyed all the hard work. I would like to thank this nine-strong team from the bottom of my heart.
They only asked for one thing.
They provide a clear legal framework for reinforcing its capacities to pursue its foreign and security policy through a comprehensive approach drawing upon all the instruments available to the Union and its Member States, to prevent and manage crises and conflicts, as well as to build lasting peace. I voted in favour of this report.
They rather aim at complementing the framework by adding new aspects and, in particular, at strengthening the applicable rules as regards access of interest groups to the European Parliament premises.
They reject any moves to allow richer Member States to fund their own regional development and prevent the emergence of a smaller, more efficient and more targeted Cohesion policy towards Europe's poorest regions.
They represent the general interest, and should therefore be distinguished from lobbyists, who defend individual interests.
They run counter to the strategy which has been pursued up until now, aimed at building international alliances based, for the most part, on the assumption that the North Atlantic Alliance will play a leading role.
They seem to be based on the idea that these states can deal with the difficult situation themselves, and that they are capable of improving their situation by themselves through a 'disciplined' approach.
They should also be done quickly, they should cover all eventualities and they should cover both nuclear plants and other facilities within the fuel cycle.
They should be addressed at the summit and, wherever possible, we should look for solutions or at least improvement.
They should be given the chance to develop and they should be helped, so that they can acquire new skills in an economy which is becoming increasingly international.
They should first allow Georgian wine onto their market before dreaming of WTO membership.
They should include a monetised indicator, such as adjusted net disbursements, and a physical indicator, such as an ecological or carbon footprint, for the environmental dimension, and social indicators which incorporate the social dimension, such as an inequality evaluation (for example, the Gini coefficient) and a social integration and human prosperity index, such as the Human Poverty Index.
They should publish the names of people with whom they have had official meetings in the course of their work.
They show legislators the possible consequences of their options and help them in making a decision. IAs can thus make a significant contribution to better law making.
They show legislators the possible consequences of their policy options and help them make a decision, and legislators should make greater use of them in future. IAs can make a significant contribution to better law making. I agree that it is necessary to involve external experts from all policy areas as well as all stakeholder groups affected in the impact assessment process in order to guarantee independence and objectivity.
They speak mainly English and French, European languages, and they are open to take in many people, even from my own country, who cannot find jobs in Ireland.
They talk about freedom of expression but are only convincing when they express their intolerance of those with whom they disagree.
They tend to tell you this as though it is an original insight - oh really, they swim around, well who would have thought it!
They want 'cross-compliance' to become permanent, as well as external control over national accounts and policies, which are closely supervised by the major EU powers.
They want a good constitution, they want to build their country, and they are telling us, 'we will have money, don't worry, but help us - be there'. I think that in this respect, you have fulfilled their request.
They want help with education, with healthcare, with security on the borders, with the kind of support that we are able to give and want to give them.
They want to create laws.
They wanted help for everyone who aimed to start up a business, so that they were given a chance, had the freedom to act, and did not spend all their time grappling with red tape.
They were given the best possible treatment and the best possible care at a time when the Republic of Cuba was in a very difficult economic situation.
They were sentenced to do this for life and to miss out on schooling.
They will be a credit to the Premier League, to Wales, and will give a much needed boost to the local economy, as fans, tourists and, hopefully, businesses come to the region.
They will die prematurely because Europe will give up using nuclear power and replace it with fossil energy.
They will extend the austerity plans which are currently bleeding Greece, Ireland and Portugal dry.
They will have to do so according to the norms specified to them by the Commission itself.
They will not be funded at the expense of other regions.
They will often succeed, and in consequence, investment and hence commerce in all Member States will be hamstrung and hobbled.
They will then be fleshed out in 2012. I want to urge the Commission to really give this a high priority and not allow it to depend on the Member States, which are too slow to put the right measures in place.
They will, in fact, be encouraged to act alone.
They would also have to shoulder the additional costs of translation.
They, however, are seeking a solution in false answers, for example in the form of additional governmental capital injections pumped into banks or in further Brussels centralisation.
Things did not go optimally, but it is done now and we have a solution for the future - but not, unfortunately, for the past.
Things should therefore be set straight, and those responsible for an early warning should also be the ones who pay compensation.
Think about it - the abolition of controls on the internal borders and the creation of freedom of movement are some of the most important achievements and values of the European Union.
Thinking about the future of innovation implies creating jobs, leveraging research capital and translating it into practices that apply to normal life, as well as developing human resource potential - all of which are factors that should be included in the next Framework Programme.
Third countries are not the 'dustbins' of the EU Member States. I welcome the fact that the MEPs have adopted the amendment by the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament on the prohibition of the mass export of waste to third countries, unless they are exported for recycling and then reimported back into the EU. The authorisation for an EU State to export its waste to another Member State only through a bilateral agreement provides the appropriate framework for nuclear and environmental safety. I am pleased that Parliament has opposed the storing of waste of this nature in seismic regions and that the powers of national authorities have been strengthened.
Third, SMEs must be able to participate fully in the internal market, both in terms of cross-border public tendering and as regards all other features of the internal market, which are capable of providing extraordinary benefits to SMEs in terms of their competitiveness but are currently failing to do so.
Third, we will carry out a full impact assessment which will inform us about the potential economic and social impacts of the voluntary corps.
Third: we shall maintain top-level support for the Partnership for Modernisation as an important vehicle for Russian commitments to reforms.
Thirdly, Bruno Gollnisch has given an explanation of the publication of the incriminated press release by his political group in the Rhône-Alpes Regional Council, stating that it had been written by the Front National team in that region, including its head of communications.
Thirdly, Bruno Gollnisch has given an explanation of the publication of the incriminated press release by his political group in the Rhône-Alpes Regional Council.
Thirdly, I strongly support the Marie Curie Actions. I would also like to add that it would be vital in the medium term to develop a mechanism to evaluate and assess the progress and the measurable impact of innovation policies and programmes in the EU.
Thirdly, I welcome Mr De Gucht's statement that the Commission was not questioning the existing agreements.
Thirdly, I would like to say that the Commissioner seems to have embarked on a green pilgrimage, but the Polish satirist, Jerzy Lec, notes that even if you do go on a pilgrimage, you will still be smelly and you will still have sweaty feet.
Thirdly, SMEs are intended to be the main beneficiaries of the European programme to reduce the administrative burden.
Thirdly, a note on the precariousness of research work: research that is high quality or excellent will not be possible if we continue to allow researchers in certain parts of Europe to be subjected to working conditions which are not worthy of that name.
Thirdly, all safety-related costs should be included in the energy production cost, and if we have to set money aside to cover all the costs, that is, if we have to make it compulsory to set this money aside, then we must introduce legislation establishing mandatory levels of capital.
Thirdly, and now I am coming to the heart of the matter, the 2006 directive only covers unfair practices in business dealings between businesses and consumers and not between one business and another.
Thirdly, as rapporteur responsible for the working document of the Committee on Budgetary Control "Improving transport performance on trans-European rail axes”, I would again like to call on the Commission to take action in order to adapt the rail infrastructure to cater for trans-European services, while creating missing links at cross-border locations, helping the Member States to alleviate various complications related to the different gauges and providing the effective financial assistance.
Thirdly, confirming 2013 as the date to free the 800 MHz digital dividend band, while recognising the need for derogations until 2015.
Thirdly, in the area of services, we call, firstly, for public services to be left out of the sectors to be liberalised and, secondly, concerning mode IV, for the principle of equal treatment to be guaranteed - in other words, for all forms of social dumping to be rejected.
Thirdly, in this report, we propose the early publication by the Commission of road maps of proposed legislation in order to give Parliament and the stakeholders the opportunity to express their opinions during the consultation period.
Thirdly, it needs to be recognised when it is not reasonable to execute a European Arrest Warrant, so that someone is not followed by alerts in the Schengen Information System around Europe even though their surrender has been refused once on valid grounds.
Thirdly, regarding the absolutely crucial issue at the heart of the problem, we must admit that we do not know everything, that there are gaps in our scientific knowledge and, in fact, that we are sometimes completely in the dark.
Thirdly, the European Council is due to endorse the treaty change needed to allow for the establishment of the European Stability Mechanism in 2013, with its capacity to assist - on the basis of strict conditionality - euro area Member States in financial difficulties.
Thirdly, the Stability and Growth Pact should include automatic sanctions against those who break the terms of euro membership, as we should never again allow ourselves to slide into this misery.
Thirdly, the adaptation of rules for participating in new challenges will enable, for instance, greater participation by small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), and by young researchers in research projects.
Thirdly, the most pro-European, most pro-federal Member States, which do exist: form an alliance with them ...
Thirdly, the programmes in both Greece and Ireland are still in the relatively early stages.
Thirdly, there is the need to develop capacity to manage the mammoth problems that the new, still very fragile state is faced with.
Thirdly, to ensure that financial institutions make a fair and substantive contribution to the sharing of the costs of the recent crisis, as well as to address concerns about excessive profits.
Thirdly, we are talking about money from taxpayers, European citizens.
Thirdly, we believe it is important that, when other measures are taken in this region, whether these are additional car parks or other developments, a special screening of the entire project is carried out which includes existing developed areas and existing building projects.
Thirdly, we must ensure - and in this regard I would contradict some of my fellow Members - that we do not distribute the funds according to the principle that 'everyone should get a bit'. That is not the principle we should use for research funds.
Thirdly, we must recognise that many people - including some from my own constituency - are still helping to alleviate the consequences of the disaster by inviting children into their homes, as well as many other initiatives.
Thirdly, we need greater efficiency in the use of structural money.
Thirdly, we would not be able to accept any limitation on Canada's ability to use the TRIPS flexibilities to export cheap generic medicines to developing countries.
Thirdly, what most concerned me was seeing Mr Lewandowski smiling, in what I believe to be a worrying way, when the subject of the tax on financial transactions was mentioned.
Thirdly, you have also drawn our attention to the need for more consistent implementation of stress test scenarios throughout the Union.
Thirty per cent of international monetary reserves are denominated in euro.
Thirty-seven and a half percent of Europe's population lives in border regions, making the three dimensions of territorial cooperation - cross-border, transnational and interregional - a key policy for the Union, as it helps territories, regions and Member States to work better with one another at pursuing their common objectives.
This 'brand Europe' must be borne by true ambassadors. I also welcome the new proposals, such as creating a cultural division within the European External Action Service or the nomination of a 'cultural attaché' for every Member State.
This 'one-stop shop' system will make it easier to register representatives of special interests, whether from commercial or non-commercial organisations.
This 'yes' vote is also, in my view, a strong political message from the European Parliament in favour of the European immigration policy developed under the French Presidency of the Union. A sovereign responsibility that previously fell to the Member States, border security is now handled at European level.
This 5% is an exercise in political realism, and should be the basis for future interinstitutional negotiation, along with the sensible proposal put forward in this report, agreed between the groups in this Chamber, on a new system of own resources.
This 50% devaluation of the Icelandic currency has caused the rate of inflation in Iceland to leap from 5% to 14%. The only way to restore calm in the markets is to allow Greece, Ireland, Portugal and others to restructure their debt through the issue of Eurobonds guaranteed by the Union at reasonable rates. I am talking here about the Tremonti-Juncker initiative.
This Agreement concerns certain safety aspects of civil aviation, without getting into issues of creating a full Open Aviation Area between these two countries, which, according to the rapporteur, should be the subject of a separate recommendation.
This Agreement on civil aviation safety, concluded between the EU and Canada, follows the horizontal agreement already adopted by Parliament in March 2011.
This Agreement will bring the mutual recognition of certification systems for an aeronautical product, part or appliance in terms of airworthiness and maintenance.
This Agreement will enable duplication of procedures to be kept to a minimum and mutual certification to be accepted: consequently, the financial savings and simplification of bureaucratic procedures will be of significance and have very positive repercussions for our businesses.
This Agreement will make both the Canadian and the European markets safer and more competitive, as it represents an important step forward in terms of establishing international standards for civil aviation safety.
This Commission proposal simplifies the legislation in force on proving the origin of certain textile products.
This European Council should send a clear signal that if a country's position is unsustainable within the euro zone then, unless it makes dramatic changes, the euro zone should not hesitate to raise the possibility of restructuring its debt or even - however cruel it might seem - of its leaving the club.
This European Parliament is the people's representation and it demands accountability for the use of taxpayers' money.
This European Parliament resolution is on the EU's role in the United Nations (UN) system, in international financial institutions, in multilateral security organisations, in 'summit diplomacy' and in other multilateral organisations, and calls for its role at multilateral level to be strengthened.
This European Parliament resolution of 9 June 2011 on misleading business directories warns the Commission of the need to step up its activities regarding the revision and improvement of the directive and other relevant legislation in order to put an end, as soon as possible, to the misleading practices used by publishers of business directories, namely, through the compilation of a specific blacklist of misleading practices used in business directories.
This European economic governance package must be viewed in connection with the other legislative package on the financial sector, including Europe's financial supervision structure, which has already been adopted. I firmly believe that effective implementation of this legislation will ensure that no other Member State will ever again be exposed when faced with a future crisis.
This European fund was set up to provide additional support to workers who lose their jobs because of changes in world trade. I am delighted that Parliament today approved this aid which will enable the workers made redundant to receive help, especially in their job search and for training.
This European harmonisation also ensures that if the protection of workers is at risk when they are using tractors, the Member States can implement the necessary and required measures, bearing in mind compliance with the Treaty and technical regulations on the protection structures specified in this directive.
This Eurovignette is only a tiny step forward towards that goal.
This House is set to approve discharge for 27 EU agencies - expensive and needless quangos - while the European Court of Auditors has launched a full-scale investigation into their accounts for 2009.
This House refused to reject the report, even though a clause was introduced stating that this special trade agreement may be ended if Pakistan is found to be supporting terrorist organisations.
This House wants to deal directly with the High Representative and Vice-President, Baroness Ashton, particularly because of our role in controlling the budgets of civilian and military missions under the common foreign and security policy (CFSP) and the common security and defence policy (CSDP).
This International Labour Organisation Convention is therefore welcome and should be supported, in order to dignify domestic work and give these women the rights that other women have.
This Palestinian agreement is a key political event, and contrary to what has just been said here, Hamas has, for the first time, agreed to the PLO and the Palestinian Authority acting as its negotiating partners.
This Parliament has made the Europe 2020 strategy a central issue of the budgetary discussions right from the start.
This Parliament is prepared to work in good faith to create this mechanism: a mechanism that does not apply double standards; in other words, that is not more demanding of candidate countries than of those that are already members of the club.
This Parliament ought to be ashamed of itself, in particular, the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe and the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats). While, in the Netherlands, nota bene, the Rutte cabinet is leaving the sick and the disabled out in the cold, the same groups in this House have a burning hole in their pockets.
This Partnership Agreement can surely enhance the visibility of the EU's tuna fleet in the Atlantic, offering the vessels and the EU areas dependent on them a stable legal framework in the medium-term and contributing to continuity in the fishing zones covered by agreements in the Gulf of Guinea.
This Sunday, there were local elections in Albania. I was the head of the EP ad hoc delegation which participated in observing the elections, and I have a message to share with you.
This accession is an important and positive signal for Europeans, who are doubting themselves right now.
This acquis is not static, but must instead be developed. I hope that this proposal will be adopted quickly in order to guarantee better management of our Schengen area as soon as possible, and thus to ensure the security of our common external borders.
This action must be backed up with adaptations to the energy, industry, commercial, research and cohesion policies, including regional policy and the Solidarity Fund.
This advice is now available in all official languages on the Commission website.
This agency, which is based in Vigo, Spain, plays an important role in strengthening fisheries control and ensuring coordination between EU Member States.
This agreement could reinforce the already strong bilateral trade and investment relationship between the EU and Canada; however, it should be mutually beneficial and therefore, I have abstained from voting as yet.
This agreement demonstrates the successful application of the Union's Water Framework Directive, to protect the environment, to raise the standard of living of the region's inhabitants and to lead to cooperation between the three countries: Greece, Albania and the FYROM.
This agreement has resulted in the creation of 230 crew jobs for the Seychelles population, 2 900 jobs in Seychelles and 760 jobs in various areas of the sector in Europe.
This agreement is a first step, although undoubtedly an important one, towards greater transparency, by making the registering of all lobbyists who wish to enjoy permanent access to Parliament and the Commission de facto obligatory, including all information that identifies the legal structure and financial interests of the organisation in question.
This agreement is of mutual benefit to the EU and Seychelles: on the one hand, is makes a substantial contribution to the stabilisation of the European canned tuna market through the granting of fishing licences for tuna, and thus promotes the creation of 760 jobs in Europe; and on the other hand, thanks to the implementation of the financial contribution's sectoral support, Seychelles is increasing its stock management and fisheries monitoring capacity.
This agreement is of particular importance; in fact, if the cooperation between the EU and India currently being negotiated is based on a system of shared universal values, it may serve as a model for cooperation with other countries. I would like to highlight the emphasis in these negotiations on the protection of the small and medium-sized enterprise (SME) sector in India, with the suggestions that all development cooperation programmes between the EU and India should be aimed at strengthening SMEs through measures to help finance market-driven local projects.
This agreement provides for specific instruments to combat illegal, unreported and unregulated (IUU) fishing in EU territorial waters more effectively.
This agreement should be legally binding and comprehensive, and should encompass all areas related to democracy, the rule of law, and respect for human and fundamental rights.
This agreement was approved at the 36th session of the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO) Conference held in Rome in November 2009, rounding off a debate process that had been preceded by a set of other agreements and codes of conduct adopted over the last two decades under the umbrella of the FAO.
This agreement was awaiting validation and was put to the vote in the European legislative assembly. I voted in favour of this text because it will enable greater transparency in respect of the actions of interest groups.
This agreement with the European Commission provides only for voluntary registration, even though lobbyists not included in the joint register will no longer be able to obtain a long-term access badge to the European Parliament.
This agreement, which is applicable for periods of four years, tacitly renewable unless either party rescinds it, entailed the repeal and replacement of the first agreement between the EC and São Tomé and Principe, concluded in 1984.
This aims to remove the current physical, administrative and regulatory obstacles and alleviate the 'border effect' between territories and regions, permitting them to address their shared challenges together, whether these be territorial, global, economic or societal.
This all smacks of bad planning, and it is now a formality, in my opinion.
This allows us to take an international role in line with our pre-eminent economic status and to act as a global player capable of sharing the responsibility for security around the world.
This also affects our assistants, and it has come to my attention that our assistants are much more indignant than even the Members. I would therefore ask the assistants, who work very hard in Parliament, also to understand the need for these checks.
This also applies to the scientific opinions of the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA), the methodology of which has been called into question on several occasions, and to public consultations, where the wording of the questions may lead one to expect answers that the Commission's services want to hear.
This also calls for attention from the international community.
This also holds up payment of contributions from the Fund, to the detriment of the workers, because some Member States are reluctant to advance payments for training, job-search assistance and other measures.
This also means, however, accepting the sovereign rights of neighbouring states and their decisions as regards entering into the alliances that they wish to enter into.
This amendment introduces a requirement to indicate the presence of non-textile parts of animal origin in textile products.
This appalling agreement was concluded on the sly and ratified one August back in the 1980s.
This applies in Europe, in the United States and in China, but in China, the United States and India there are projects for new nuclear plants, as you will surely be aware, and I think it is an over-reaction to exclude nuclear power in Europe in the future.
This applies to almost all goods produced in countries participating in or linked to the EU's Stabilisation and Association process.
This applies to the area of the security service, where security costs are constantly rising, to the area of translation and the effective use of translation resources, and to other areas.
This appointment will also be confirmed by the Council meeting of the Heads of State and Government, but it is already very prestigious for Italy, not just because of Mr Draghi's extremely high professional profile, competence and experience in European economic affairs, but also because his investiture for the next eight years was given the full support of all the European leaders. I wish Governor Draghi every success in his work.
This approach aims at improving the quality of controls by ensuring that their costs are proportionate to the benefits they generate while providing reasonable assurance that the EU budget is managed in accordance with sound financial management principles.
This approach does not prevent the banks from reflecting certain specific aspects of their trading book or a particular management model.
This approach is even reinforced by Annex I, which indicates that public authorities themselves are not expected to register.
This approach will make the greenhouse gas emissions reduction target set for a particular country compatible with the holistic, global treatment of each industrial sector, thus preventing carbon leakage.
This approach, which is for the profit of big business, is damaging to the needs of the peoples and workers, as well as being disadvantageous for the industries of the EU countries with the weakest economies.
This area, communications and the poor consultation between the Member States in that regard, has been a pitiful failure. A very great deal of economic damage has been wrought that would have been perfectly preventable if more care had been taken with communications in the crisis.
This attack marked the severance of their previous alliance and the secret Hitler-Stalin pact of August 1939, which divided up Europe.
This balance has been achieved through military and civilian cooperation on the resolution of collaborations between the European Union and the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO). I believe that the proposed amendments, tabled by the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament, and adopted in committee, contribute to a more inclusive definition, encompassing freedom of religion and an extension of the list of minorities in need of international protection.
This balancing of payments will not just be fairer, but will also better mobilise the various structures involved in agricultural production in order to respond to the new objectives that we are setting ourselves, because the historical examples of payments based on allocations received beforehand are no longer justified in the current context, in which we are now setting very clear objectives for the future common agricultural policy.
This begins with separation and clarification of the issue, which means that we separate the refugee issue from illegal immigration, we use our existing principles that we can build on, such as solidarity and cooperation, and we use our existing institutions such as FRONTEX, or our existing rules.
This being said, the negotiation - as in the case of any other trade negotiation - does not in any way impede the ability of the EU or its partner countries to draw up and implement environmental measures.
This being so, I should like to express my particular concern at the fact that a tendency towards splitting cohesion policy between various budget lines has emerged recently.
This blow to Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia, their political communities, and civilised life in general, isolated these nations and countries for five decades.
This brings us to the end of the round of speakers on behalf of the committees concerned, and I cannot resist the temptation to point something out.
This broad provision for possible amendments leads me to express a negative opinion on amendments which would put limits on such future deliberations. I hope, however, that Council will join this agreement in short order and that there is also immediate and broad consensus in this House, a strong signal of the duty of transparency and also a call to action. I hope that the vote is nearly unanimous.
This budget is emerging at a time of particular difficulty in terms of the crisis being experienced by the peripheral countries - including Portugal - and can play an important role in how these countries conduct their efforts to get back on the path to financial stability and healthy public accounts.
This can and must be done with respect for present broadcasting, ensuring the same opportunities for broadcasters as they have today, and compensating for eventual migration costs where necessary.
This can be achieved by submitting regular progress reports and by improving the efficacy of the public administration.
This can be considered quite reasonable, given not only the context of serious deterioration in the socio-economic situation in 2008-2009 due to the global crisis, but also the reform of the policy for the period 2007-2013.
This can be seen most clearly from the fact that it welcomes the Barcelona objectives, despite the fact that the Barcelona objectives ended in a fiasco precisely because they were mere numbers dictated centrally by the EU to the individual Member States.
This can only be achieved if not only the tariff barriers but also the non-tariff and technical barriers to trade are removed.
This can qualitatively improve the employment opportunities of young people in a number of Member States, including Spain and others where the situation is the most difficult and where the reform of the education system was either delayed or ignored in the recent period.
This candidate's curriculum vitae certainly indicates a profile of the highest level of professionalism and life experience, and presents an image of one of today's most illustrious Italians in the global economic landscape.
This case is also supported by the fact that, in the near future, fiscal consolidation will remain on the agenda in most of the Member States, and they will find it extremely helpful if there is a strong, quick and effective EU-level instrument to support workers who suddenly find themselves out of a job.
This case is based on information that Mr Severin is alleged to have received a payment of EUR 100 000 from the consultancy firm Taylor Jones Public Affairs in exchange for his support for an amendment to Directive 94/19/EC on the time limit for the reimbursement of depositors in the case of a bank failure.
This case reveals a degree of failure of expert assessments and raises the question of the experts' skill and independence in our risk society.
This certainly includes the large number of agencies that enjoy an extremely expensive autonomous existence, and agriculture, where some Member States have still not succeeded in introducing a more market-appropriate flat-rate acreage payment scheme.
This challenge, as important as it is complex, can be met by means of a package of measures which will have either direct or indirect impact.
This change would bring us closer to achieving the ambitious goals enshrined in the Treaty, and a 5% increase in expenditure would actually mean a very small increase, since inflation currently stands at 3.2%. Furthermore, this insignificant increase in the EU budget will benefit the poorest regions, which gain most from EU assistance granted in order to ensure that differences in development are overcome. I hope that the next Presidency, which will be held by Poland, will make it a priority to reconcile the positions of the 'net payers', such as Germany, France and the United Kingdom, with Parliament's position, as set out in the ambitious Garriga Polledo report.
This clear signal is aimed at all workers in Europe and especially at our fellow citizens in France and Germany as they approach elections that will have a decisive impact on Europe's future.
This common critical stance stems from our position as peripheral countries since, at the end of the day, it will be us who will pay this quite singular levy and the Member States enjoying a geographical location in the centre of the European Union who will collect it.
This common transparency register also simplifies matters for lobbyists as this will provide a single means of registration instead of two, which is currently the case.
This communication was an input to the latest review of the Copenhagen Process, and the Bruges Communiqué has now, of course, become the European agenda par excellence for vocational training for the years 2011-2020.
This comprehensive approach, encompassing all bilateral, political and economic relations in a balanced way, is necessary in order to fulfil our targets and our ambitions for a deeper strategic partnership.
This concept gave rise to the Brussels I Regulation, for example, with the aim of setting up a single system for recognising legal judgments within the EU. However, it continues to be extremely difficult for a creditor to enforce a debt if the debtor's assets are divided between several Member States, which - there is no harm in repeating it - creates serious difficulties for the implementation of a true Single Market.
This concerns the vote which was in progress when voting was suspended, which we will continue from exactly the same point at which it was suspended, so as to maintain complete continuity.
This conclusion also emerges from the consultation launched by our Green Paper, which prompted reactions from 350 public authorities, the general public, civil society bodies and companies active in the field of culture across Europe.
This conflict is jeopardising the peace process that should have followed the referendum of January 2011.
This connection will allow all Union countries to have access to online data about stowaways attempting to reach Europe and ensure more effective control at the European Union's external borders.
This context raises the following important question: what future do the common fisheries policy and European Fisheries Fund have? If this fund is not being used very much, it means that it needs to be reviewed and reformed.
This convention aims to provide legal recognition for domestic work as work, to extend rights to all domestic workers, and to prevent violations and abuses.
This convention will enable us to better fight against the unacceptable working conditions of too many employees in this sector, who are overwhelmingly women and, for many, immigrant workers, in particular, undocumented immigrants.
This coordination is also very important in the United Nations (UN). I would even say it is essential to ensure European interests and values are defended and safeguarded in what is the most comprehensive and decisive international organisation.
This could be achieved through a so-called 'scoping' exercise, which could be conducted after the summit.
This could be easier to achieve with only one tax, but it is also feasible to build the revenue on a group of taxes that meet criteria on transparency, equity, visibility, efficiency and sufficient harmonisation.
This could guarantee transparency in the signals given to the European road haulage sector.
This could therefore have high economic and social costs, as well as a negative impact on the Union's sustainable economic growth and on its ability to improve its global competitiveness in the future.
This country has had notable successes in fighting corruption, which is a significant problem in all post-Soviet countries.
This country stands out from the other countries involved in the Eastern Partnership on account of the reforms it has carried out in every area. I am particularly glad to see that the simplified legislative procedure was used during work on the report on further macro-financial assistance for Georgia, since this speeded up the entire process and made it possible to vote the report through more quickly.
This country's continued participation in the European Neighbourhood Policy must be made conditional on democratic reforms rather than on its willingness to supply oil for the Nabucco pipeline.
This creates great legal uncertainty as it leaves in limbo, and apparently invalid themselves, laws passed under that constitution including in respect of Hungary's accession and EU membership.
This creates legal uncertainty for the victims, as they often do not know what the legal status is of such contracts in another country.
This crisis calls the European agricultural model itself into question and tests the functioning of the Internal Market.
This crisis has also profoundly affected European sea fishing, because we import 60% of our fish from third countries. I support the resolution because I believe it is important to strengthen the security of our energy supply, informing the markets and giving consumers greater guarantees about the state of oil reserves. I also think it necessary to implement a joint action plan in support of coastal regions active in the fisheries sector.
This crisis is also an opportunity to make clear to European citizens that Europe will not leave the victims of a public health disaster of this kind in the lurch.
This crisis is not over, and this crisis will continue if, first of all, we do not find a structural solution for Greece and, secondly, if we do not create a real, economic and political union in Europe.
This criticism comes from people who think only about making their own national foreign policy and their own national interests the very top priority and who, without consulting with any of their partners, take unilateral decisions which will ultimately divide Europe rather than unifying it.
This deal would result in major job losses at farm and industry level across rural areas in Ireland and the EU as a whole.
This debate is about the sovereign debt crisis.
This decision is all the more unacceptable given that it is taken at a time when the European Union and its Member States are adopting austerity and budget reduction measures that will sustain the economic recession, the dismantling of public services, unemployment, job insecurity, wage cuts and social inequalities.
This decision will contribute to a more harmonious transition to the euro, whilst adequately responding to the increased need for cross-border transportation of euro cash in the run-up to the changeover.
This decision will reward the tremendous efforts made by the Croatian people and their government, whose courage and sense of public good I wish to commend.
This demand - which subverts the spirit of the organisation: an organisation of states and not of supranational organisations - is not being made with the intention of making the UN's workings more democratic or of creating a new world order that is fairer and more peaceful.
This demand is unacceptable. I am abstaining so as not to vote against freedom of movement within the Union.
This demonstrates the widespread use of antibiotics in animal husbandry, and I must say that European farmers have had enough of being the only ones to adopt and comply with the rules at the risk of a drop in their incomes.
This despicable report maps the EU's strategic aim to come out on top in the competition for the monopolies with other imperialist centres, by promoting the integration of education into the quantifiable targets of the reactionary EU 2020 strategy which need to be 'transformed' into national targets.
This development makes it even more urgent to promote a mechanism of real participation.
This directive and the corresponding changes set out technical rules on the design and manufacture of agricultural and forestry tractors, and on their respective approval system, which requires EU-level harmonisation with a view to creating the conditions necessary for road safety.
This directive is designed to ensure that Member States establish a national regulatory and organisational framework and draw up appropriate national programmes for spent fuel and radioactive waste management, regardless of the perspectives of nuclear power and non-power applications.
This directive is part of the legislative package on so-called 'economic governance', which is made up of six legislative texts, and which is a veritable attack on social and labour rights, as well as democracy itself.
This directive makes provision for Member States levying a toll on heavy goods vehicles which includes an amount equal to the cost of noise and air pollution as a result of traffic, in addition to the infrastructure charge. I believe that the 'polluter pays' principle is not a solution, as it limits itself to leaving the decision up to the market.
This directive must be resisted.
This directive supports the smooth functioning of the internal market through the degree of harmonisation of units of measurement.
This directive will ensure that revenue from these charges is used to improve the performance of transport systems and cut pollution.
This discussion, designed to bring to an end the false debate of the net contributors, seeks funding without hand outs, funding without exceptions, funding that is fair.
This distrust features in the reports from the European Commission on the Cooperation and Verification Mechanism, in the reports from Europol and in a series of statements made by senior representatives of various Member States.
This document contributes to orienting joint data collection activities in this area, analysing their results and proposing their respective solutions.
This document, for which the rapporteur is Mr Mikolášik, follows the Commission communication entitled 'Cohesion policy: Strategic Report 2010 on the implementation of the programmes 2007-2013'. This is the first rigorous assessment of the implementation of the some 450 operational programmes adopted by the Commission. EU cohesion policy is part of a European framework of solidarity that encompasses the 27 Member States and their 271 regions, and aims to end existing economic and social disparities within the EU.
This does not excuse the shelling of civilian targets, but it does put it into context and shows where the blame lies.
This does not mean that the EU should not quickly conclude new agreements now that the Union has been reconstituted under the Treaty of Lisbon.
This does not necessarily have anything to do with the question of accession.
This dossier should really have gone to conciliation, though, because the correlation tables were not included in the final agreement.
This draft Council decision on the conclusion of the Agreement between the European Union and the Republic of Croatia on the participation of the Republic of Croatia in the work of the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction (EMCDDA) is important as Croatia is one of the main entry points for drugs in Europe.
This draft agreement concerning the establishment of a transparency register takes all the essential requirements into consideration, which means that I was able to give the agreement as a whole my support.
This draft regulation is a real step forward: let us continue in this direction.
This draft report broadly supports the European Commission's proposal, in particular, on the need to make available, by 1 January 2013, the 800 MHz band freed up by the changeover to digital television and the complete cessation of analogue television broadcasting.
This economic governance package must show that Europe is capable: it is capable of overcoming difficulties and it is capable of guarding against future problems.
This economic governance package today is better than the Commission's initial proposal, and it is better because of the many contributions made by the Members of this House.
This education must also enable them to acquire the methods of work necessary to successfully pursue their studies, and to become as productive as we want young Europeans to be.
This effort to use available means will contribute to improving opportunities for sustainable growth, reducing disparities between regions, and encouraging social inclusion and cohesion between regions.
This enables space applications to be developed and utilised and transport systems to be improved, especially for the Galileo and GMS systems, as well as for smart safety and management systems for the transport sector.
This entailed a levelling-down of working and living conditions.
This entails significant capital outflow beyond our borders, and we should therefore earmark more funds for supporting infrastructure investments which allow for a diversification of supply and a subsequent drop in prices, including the Nabucco pipeline, which is the most important project in terms of diversification.
This entire context of pressure exerted on these countries, as well as the objectives of this pressure, are the reason for our abstention.
This especially applies to the skilled trades, for which there is no uniform standard across Europe against which qualifications can be measured.
This evening's debate has certainly not been fruitless, because Mrs Győri clearly stated that the Council sets great store by the clause we are discussing - which is the key to today's policy debate - and that it is ready to reach a forward-looking rather than a backward-looking agreement with the Commission and Parliament in order to provide our citizens with real answers.
This exchange of data helps create a database for analysing the demand for drugs and secondary drug-trafficking activities, which is vital for publishing proper, objective information that can be compared at a European level.
This exercise gives the Foundation helpful lessons and recommendations with regard to the challenges facing its future programming phase. I agree with the rapporteur that the Foundation must further develop its Eurofound Performance Monitoring System to ensure that the results of its performance monitoring are fed back into management decision-making and planning. I also believe that the Foundation must take steps to improve its evaluation and review procedure in the area of procurement to avoid future repetition of the assessment errors and inconsistencies identified by the Court of Auditors.
This extension is aimed at addressing the widespread economic crisis, given that terminating trade preferences would compromise these countries' economic recovery, and would have consequences for the whole stabilisation and transition process of the Western Balkans.
This fact in itself discourages cross-border trade by sending a message of impunity to debtors, and damages the economic performance of the EU. In fact, the cost of the cross-border settlement of debts is currently prohibitive for creditors in cases where the debtor has assets in different Member States.
This fact, combined with climate change, provides sufficient grounds for mobilising all EU Member States and making equal, consistent efforts to manage the Union's forests.
This financial reform package will hit the poorest in Europe the hardest, while leaving the cause of the crisis - the financial sector - untouched. I welcome improved coordination of economic and fiscal policy in Europe, but strongly oppose the short-term vision under which this is being imposed.
This fisheries protocol ensures fishing opportunities in the Seychelles' exclusive economic zone for various fleets from the Member States.
This flagship initiative is designed to encourage actors in the field of training and education to give more attention to these policy areas.
This forced the governments of both the Member States and the United States to inject public funds amounting to roughly 25% of gross domestic product (GDP) into the financial sector.
This form of company in particular could enable small and medium-sized enterprises to save a great deal of money. I am thinking, in particular, of accounting, establishing a company and ongoing legal advice.
This fragmentation, without a common strategy, prevents the efficient use of resources and budget allocations for the cultural sector. I therefore urge the Commission to consider the integration and simplification of culture both in the EU's external actions and within the European institutions.
This free trade agreement (FTA) is the widest-ranging negotiated by the EU to date.
This funding must not be reduced in the EU's current economic situation; on the contrary, we must provide more. I would like to emphasise that if we can join forces to accomplish ambitious projects such as abolishing state borders or constructing space stations, we should be able to find a way to turn cancer into a disease that no one need fear.
This gives me the opportunity to say that competitiveness is not an objective in itself.
This gives rise to the question: why do we need such an intermediary at all? The clear conclusion is that in future, the Commission must take responsibility for overseeing the implementation of such important initiatives in the Member States.
This goal was revived in the Europe 2020 strategy, but the EU must now find the means to meet that target in order to remain an internationally competitive economy.
This goes for the whole of the Horn of Africa and not least for the Swedish citizen, Dawit Isaak, who is imprisoned in Eritrea.
This grants the Commission discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the Eighth, Ninth and Tenth European Development Funds for the financial year 2009.
This grants the Commission discharge in respect of the implementation of the general budget of the European Union for the financial year 2009, and sets out its observations in the resolution that forms an integral part of the Decisions on discharge in respect of the implementation of the general budget of the European Union for the financial year 2009, Section III - Commission and executive agencies, and in its resolution on conclusions concerning the special reports issued by the Court of Auditors.
This grants the Director of the European Agency for Safety and Health at Work discharge in respect of the implementation of the agency's budget for the 2009 financial year.
This grants the Director of the European Centre for the Development of Vocational Training discharge in respect of the implementation of the centre's budget for the 2009 financial year.
This grants the Director of the European Foundation for the Improvement of Living and Working Conditions discharge in respect of the implementation of the Foundation's budget for the financial year 2009.
This grants the Director of the European Railway Agency discharge in respect of the implementation of the agency's budget for the 2009 financial year.
This grants the Director of the European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights discharge in respect of the implementation of the Agency's budget for the financial year 2009.
This grants the Director of the Translation Centre for the Bodies of the European Union discharge in respect of the implementation of the centre's budget for the 2009 financial year.
This grants the European Data Protection Supervisor discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget for the financial year 2009.
This grants the Executive Director of the Artemis Joint Undertaking discharge in respect of the implementation of the Joint Undertaking's budget for the financial year 2009.
This grants the Executive Director of the Community Fisheries Control Agency discharge in respect of the implementation of the agency's budget for the 2009 financial year.
This grants the Executive Director of the European Agency for the Management of Operational Cooperation at the External Borders of the Member States of the European Union discharge in respect of the implementation of the Agency's budget for the financial year 2009.
This grants the Executive Director of the European Chemicals Agency discharge in respect of the implementation of the Agency's budget for the financial year 2009.
This grants the Executive Director of the European Food Safety Authority discharge in respect of the implementation of the Authority's budget for the financial year 2009.
This grants the Executive Director of the European Maritime Safety Agency discharge in respect of the implementation of the Agency's budget for the financial year 2009.
This grants the Executive Director of the European Network and Information Security Agency discharge in respect of the implementation of the Agency's budget for the financial year 2009.
This grants the Executive Director of the SESAR Joint Undertaking discharge in respect of the implementation of the Joint Undertaking's budget for the financial year 2009.
This grants the Secretary-General of the Committee of the Regions discharge in respect of the implementation of the Committee of the Regions budget for the financial year 2009.
This grants the Secretary-General of the European Economic and Social Committee discharge in respect of the implementation of the European Economic and Social Committee budget for the financial year 2009.
This half-year has been a real challenge, because it was not only a new task for the Hungarian Presidency, but the tasks themselves were new as well.
This has a significant impact on the independence of young people living in cities and causes major demographic challenges, because starting a family in urban areas is becoming a difficult task.
This has been Parliament's position right from the beginning and across all the groups.
This has been a disastrous vote for the Greens.
This has been a sound and sensible process, as has already been said, and I would like to thank Mr Garriga Polledo and Mrs Haug for their excellent work. I would also like to thank the Commission for its very active role.
This has been discussed in this House and I would like to thank Parliament for its substantial support for the proposed creation of a so-called transitional region in the next period.
This has been the practice for hundreds of years.
This has helped the situation more than it has detracted from it and we now have a better relationship with the United Kingdom than ever before, expressed by the visit of Queen Elizabeth two weeks ago.
This has not been an easy job for him - or indeed any of us - and the report before us has been much improved through joint working and has much to admire within it.
This has nothing to do with party politics; it is simply a fact.
This has shaken people's faith in the process.
This has unacceptable consequences for the workers themselves and for the viability of the European textile sector, particularly in Portugal, which has been forced to compete with producers that systematically fail to observe such rules and rights.
This hell-hole must be shut down immediately with all of the current detainees having access to fair trial before a civilian court, all of the secret CIA torture prisons in Europe must be shut down, the use of Shannon airport in Ireland for military and rendition flights by the CIA must be ended, and the barbaric death penalty must be brought to an end.
This heterogeneity is also confirmed by the finding that 75% of the overall EUR 21 billion assigned for financial support was made fully available through the intermediary banks, which was drawn on by just 50 000 out of the total of 23 million SMEs.
This historic task is something that we owe not only to ourselves, but also, and in particular, to the victims of the many expulsions that have occurred in Europe.
This hypocrisy is also apparent from the way in which those protesting so loudly today against Hungary and its Prime Minister, Mr Orbán, were silent when the previous socialist government in Hungary in practice brought its country to the brink of bankruptcy, using force to silence the opposition when it protested at democratic rallies and gatherings.
This illegal regime is causing enormous humanitarian problems in a resource-rich country through the lack of basic foodstuffs, water and sanitation, health and education services.
This illustrates that it is important for the Member States to introduce well sustained and scientifically based alerts into the RASFF and to trigger the RASFF when Member States are confident regarding the scientific evidence supporting the alert notification.
This important step will create better opportunities for the business communities on both sides and will further liberalise trade and economic relations globally.
This impression is confirmed by paragraph 27, which stresses that, in the absence of adequate services for early childhood, our young children run the risk of falling into criminality and antisocial behaviour.
This in no way means increasing Parliament's budget or the European budget.
This includes EU activities and initiatives aimed at promoting labour and social standards in third countries.
This includes all commercial aspects of the exploitation as well as the legal, contractual and financing structures of the different exploitation models that will ensure that a stable governance model is put in place.
This includes all commercial aspects of the exploitation as well as the legal, contractual and financing structures of the different exploitation models that will guarantee that the governance model is put into practice.
This includes ensuring that the forests play a permanent and growing role in combating climate change and safeguarding the economic basis of the forestry and timber industries, so that we have an adequate future supply of wood.
This includes opportunities for men and women to obtain decent and productive work in conditions of freedom, equality, security and dignity.
This includes the harmonisation of size labelling, social economic labelling and, most worryingly, a radio frequency identification tag which would increase costs for business and prices for the consumer.
This increase in funds must be coupled with a more result-oriented, performance-driven approach and with a radical simplification of funding procedures. I believe that we need to support further cooperation between different EU research, technological development and innovation programmes, and feel that the continuity of the future programme, once established, is important for all actors involved.
This increase is being felt, above all, by small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) - often family companies - whose workers are starting to see that their jobs are in danger. I therefore welcome the adoption of this report and hope that the Member States will soon be able to increase aid for fishers, and that the European Union, through the European Fisheries Fund (EFF), will increase its subsidies aimed at improving and modernising vessels and equipment, and will create a fund to which SMEs can turn if they are in trouble.
This increased differentiation of infrastructure charges gives us an alternative for fighting traffic congestion, and even if we only include air and noise pollution in the calculation of external costs, the differentiation mechanism introduced in the directive can still make an efficient contribution to the reduction of traffic jams typical of European roads.
This indicator underpins many of the European Union's policy decisions and instruments. I think that we need to step up our efforts to provide indicators which will meet the needs of all citizens.
This industry represents a growing global market in which Europe should take the lead and achieve its independence. GNSS applications and services in the area of transport have various implications for security, for effectiveness, and for the economic and environmental costs of all modes of transport. I also believe that it is important to note that in order for there to be fair development, the European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service (EGNOS) programme should cover all of the Member States and enable interoperability and compatibility with third countries, so as to make this market competitive and dynamic.
This infighting is responsible for the risk of a new, even bloodier war, now that NATO, the USA and the European Union are directly involved, which is what the Euro-unifying forces seem to be seeking after the war in Libya.
This information is vital as it provides a basis for the analysis of demand for drugs and of ways of reducing it, as well as of phenomena associated with the drug market in general.
This initiative advocates the need to give more young people improved access to the labour market, which is a very relevant goal given the level that youth unemployment is reaching in a number of Member States. I would also stress the attention given to the importance of mobility of young Europeans, during both their education and their working lives.
This initiative comprises 28 key actions and concrete measures to increase the education and training of young people through mobility and employability, working towards the objectives of the Europe 2020 strategy to reduce the school drop-out rate to below 10%, to increase the level of tertiary education from 31% to 40% by 2020, and to reduce unemployment - youth unemployment in particular - that is currently at around 21%. Therefore, and as I am an advocate of the youth training scheme 'Your first EURES job', I could not agree more with the proposals outlined in the report, and I voted for it, aware that the EU should continue, and strengthen, all measures in support of our young people.
This initiative enables young people to acquire knowledge, skills and competences which are essential for work and life.
This initiative is very important and timely. I voted 'in favour'.
This innovation is apparently one of openness and greater financial flexibility, but in a period of austerity and budget restrictions like the present, it will inevitably lead to cuts in funding for other regions, particularly Objective 1 (convergence) regions, which specifically include the regions of southern Italy. I note with regret that my fellow Members failed to pick up on this aspect and have allowed themselves to be influenced by reasoning that goes against the principles of European solidarity.
This introduces strict requirements with which agencies must comply in order to eliminate potential conflicts of interest and to improve the quality of rating and methodologies as well as the transparency of the ratings.
This involves pooling, sharing, strengthening of the European Defence Agency, permanent structured cooperation, development of an efficient and competitive European defence market, strengthening of the industrial and technological base, and enhancement of joint command and control capabilities.
This involves satisfying national interests, which are so diverse, while, at the same time, improving European added value, which is reflected in the Multiannual Financial Framework.
This is European law today: a national police force that tells people who have a residency permit issued by Italy: 'Mr Sarkozy has decided they do not count'. If this is the state of the law in Europe, I say something has gone wrong, and that is why I am asking you now to stop telling us that the problems in North Africa represent a security problem.
This is a balanced approach, as the opinion recognises the progress made by these two countries in terms of the criteria which must be satisfied for integration into the Schengen area (control of land, sea and air borders, visas, police cooperation, readiness in terms of connecting to and using the Schengen Information System and data protection), but also requires regular progress reports on certain issues which are considered to be outstanding.
This is a case of double standards.
This is a change that should go hand in hand with the Commission's assessment of the need for greater disclosure of information for all products in the field of financial instruments.
This is a child-centred approach which recognises that the early childhood years are crucial to cognitive, sensory and physical development, as well as to emotional and personal development, and for language acquisition, and that they also constitute the basis for learning throughout life.
This is a clearly neoliberal report that is concerned with the interests of businesses - larger businesses in particular - because in a totally liberalised Internal Market, it is those with power who gain the most, despite the propaganda about defending small and medium-sized enterprises and consumers.
This is a clever policy.
This is a complete contradiction of the goals of the Seventh Framework Programme.
This is a condition without which negotiations with non-Member States are impossible.
This is a country rich in natural resources, but it is also a country with the most awful social indicators. A child born in South Sudan today has a higher chance of dying in infancy than attending primary school.
This is a crucial task, but the IMF's role, beyond stabilising the markets, is also to help correct the global imbalances that caused this crisis.
This is a difficult exercise in which the Commission will try hard, I hope, to accommodate Europe's various strategic interests.
This is a feeling felt by many Member States with regard to the Schengen area and we should not rush with further expansion before all involved are fully and sufficiently ready and prepared.
This is a first step towards developing more comprehensive environmental accounting since, according to the competent European and national statistics offices, it is only in these areas that data for the whole of Europe is currently available.
This is a forward-looking draft report, and while it is not the finished article, it is undoubtedly a way of safeguarding the legitimacy of the activities and decisions of the European institutions.
This is a fundamental problem because, under the terms of the Treaty, subsidiarity applies and the responsibility for implementing European law lies primarily with the Member States, which have to administer and enforce the law locally. I hope that in Austria in particular, lessons will have been learnt from this case about taking a sensitive approach when weighing up the interests of the economy and the environment and, therefore, that the case will have a positive impact in future.
This is a good draft plan. I would be very pleased to see the spirit of the Polish Presidency, as evident in the draft published by the Polish Presidency, shaping Europe in the coming years with the spirit of cooperation it proposes.
This is a good opportunity for the EU to make use of its foreign policy instruments and to assume leadership through a more effective approach to current and future international crises. I therefore commend the attention given to the EU's position in the United Nations system, in the international financial institutions and in other multilateral institutions, and I agree with the reform proposals which strengthen several of the positions that we have taken.
This is a good report with good proposals, which include recognising the generally positive trend in terms of carbon storage in forests in Europe, but also the fact that carbon storage still remains far below natural capacity, and that the forest sector could reverse to a source, due to pressures; calling for Commission proposals to complement the Timber Regulation, in order to ensure that all timber or timber products placed on the European market are sourced from sustainably managed forests; urging the Commission to study options for payment for ecosystem services; and calling for a legislative proposal on forest fire prevention, including consideration of a 30-year ban on building on land where there has been a forest fire.
This is a good time for the Commission's Green Paper, officially endorsing the economic and social importance of the sector, to prompt discussion on 'unlocking the potential of the cultural and creative industries'. The growth of cultural and creative industries (CCIs) in the European Union since the 1990s has been exponential in terms of job creation and their contribution to GDP.
This is a harmful concession.
This is a kind of modern day slavery.
This is a loan that will be paid back in full, and at interest rates similar to the market rates Portugal was paying around a month ago.
This is a long-standing subject that we now need to tackle more quickly because next time, it could be the case that the pathogen has to be treated with antibiotics but, because it is resistant, it is not possible to treat it. We need to work on this.
This is a matter for the whole of the European Union, not just for Romania and Bulgaria.
This is a missed opportunity as far as I am concerned. I do not hold you responsible for this - you are not the one calling the shots on this issue - but we would most certainly benefit from taking a much more organised, concerted and professional approach.
This is a necessary precondition of a credible and transparent surveillance framework.
This is a part of organised crime in Europe which involves bogus companies taking money from people and from small and medium-sized businesses over the Internet.
This is a particularly sensitive topic in my country, but, of course, the whole chapter on agriculture is important for both sides.
This is a positive step, as we are in the middle of the programming period.
This is a priority, but there are many more concrete suggestions in the report, for which the foundations are already laid down in both the Lisbon Treaty and the ratification of the UNESCO conventions.
This is a problem and we must discuss how we can face it. The only way to face this problem on a permanent basis is to improve the resilience of our sector to the increase in fuel prices.
This is a problem of recognisability, of traceability and of inadequate controls at EU level.
This is a redundant piece of legislation. I think it fits perfectly with our long-term goal, which is to legislate and to regulate better, so I can only recommend all of you to support this repeal. I would like to thank you for that in advance.
This is a report that misrepresents and exploits the notion of culture.
This is a result of the fact that, unlike extradition, the European Arrest Warrant is a fully judicial system. A European Arrest Warrant is always based on a judicial decision in the issuing state and the decision on whether or not to issue an EAW is for the national judicial authority.
This is a sensible proposal which, in the current situation, would guarantee help for a sector wrestling with financial difficulties, and ensure social and economic development.
This is a serious shortcoming that particularly affects smaller Member States, who lack the diplomatic muscle of the larger nations.
This is a significant step forward, especially in light of the EU's supposed democratic deficit, if we consider that, previously, Parliament, a body democratically elected by the people of Europe, was consulted on such agreements only after they had been concluded.
This is a small but tangible detail that it is important to promote so that young people do not experience problems in this regard.
This is a sound report and I can only say that we are essentially in agreement in the Committee on Budgetary Control on the recommendations that we have tabled.
This is a start, perhaps, but it is too simple a start, and Parliament has called for us also to produce water, energy and waste balance sheets and to find out about the status of our forests.
This is a subject that inspires passion and attracts media attention, factors that run counter to logic and pragmatism.
This is a system where decisions are taken - I would say in smoke-filled rooms, but these days in smoke-free rooms - behind closed doors with the voters frozen out.
This is a time to try to understand each other's problems but also respect each other's differences.
This is a very good result for Parliament and for Europe.
This is a very important report concerning not only my country, Bulgaria, but also the European Union as a whole. I am confident that our efforts will be rewarded very soon.
This is a very pragmatic approach that nevertheless takes the environment and the economy into consideration.
This is a way of strengthening the European dimension of the system so that individual Member States do not feel pressured into acting unilaterally. I will be looking for clear backing for this approach from the European Council, so that detailed Commission proposals can be finalised and have an opportunity to succeed.
This is a win-win situation, and in freeing the 800 MHz band, we took the option which affected the least amount of spectrum, so we can see that as step one on our journey.
This is about common governance, not unilateral moves. I emphasise once again that this is part of an overall approach.
This is about dealing with an emergency situation like the one before us. It is about having financing and reaching a proper agreement between the Member States on a common asylum policy, on the European Asylum Office and on all the challenges we are facing.
This is about improving and harmonising consumer protection at European level.
This is absolutely not about protectionism.
This is aimed at preventing and detecting illegal border crossings to Lampedusa, Sicily, Sardinia and the Italian mainland.
This is all being done on Facebook, using the system, and it is being bragged about.
This is all very well. I cannot rid myself of the feeling that the sanctions are tailored to those states that are currently in a difficult situation.
This is already a hidden subsidy which has contributed to making it possible for European fisheries to go on fishing depleted fish stocks; and the segments in the fisheries sector which have the highest consumption of fossil fuels are, in fact, the most destructive ones, such as beam trawlers and bottom trawlers.
This is also a concern in this case.
This is also an area where competences are taken out of the sphere of regulations that were there before, and it makes clear that the issue of sustainability, environmental protection and the rights of future generations - another part of European values - which needs to be important, is no longer as important as it was before.
This is also an issue we are looking at in order to have a greater level of clarity, but at the moment, we are simply working on extending the temporary regulation until the end of this financial perspective. I am speaking here about the rules which have been introduced in response to the crisis and to make the EGF more effective in tackling the impact of the crisis on workers.
This is also an opportunity to express Parliament's opinion on Member States' spending priorities, and to highlight areas where more efforts are needed, including the Commission's tackling of cohesion policy implementation and of the strategic reporting exercise itself.
This is also essential in order for the various sectoral policies to be better coordinated, and for resources to be used more efficiently.
This is also reinforced, however, by an attempt to legitimise the system of sanctions, with an attempt to include a system of incentives.
This is also the only way that greater mobility of our young people can be achieved, something which is also intended to help them become acquainted with new cultures and societies so that they also have the option of making a success of themselves beyond their home country in years to come.
This is also where we have the biggest problems.
This is an absolutely critical issue for the next two years.
This is an ambitious report, whilst simultaneously being a realistic report. I hope that all the institutions have drawn the correct conclusions from the financial, economic and social crisis that is slow to loosen its grip on us. One conclusion is clear to me: only a united Europe that shows solidarity and strengthened, harmonised and convergent economic governance will be up to the task of successfully confronting the political challenges we have before us.
This is an application of the doctrine of limited sovereignty that was so close to the heart of that great democrat Brezhnev, except instead of tanks we have financial penalties. I am not exaggerating: one of these reports feels it necessary to state that in the event of a change in majority after an election, the new government must obtain authorisation before altering its predecessor's budget priorities, and even then can only do so around the edges.
This is an attempt to subvert the current international order, replacing it with a new, less democratic one that guarantees better conditions for big business and finance to pursue their ambitions in the endless contest for markets and resources.
This is an historic event and a diplomatic triumph that we need to recognise without equivocation and for which I congratulate you, Baroness Ashton.
This is an important political matter - as some people have rightly recognised - and it is a new chapter in the consideration of what we do in Europe year in year out.
This is an important source of generics for developing countries, and we should not bow to pressure from the pharmaceutical industry to make it more difficult for Canada to provide generic medicines.
This is an impossible scenario, and I would ask the Commissioner to address it.
This is an initiative of the Committee on International Trade, of which I am chair, and it is as chair that I am asking this question, in relation to which the political groups have reached agreement by consensus. I am pleased to be asking this question, which has had the approval of the political group coordinators on my committee and which seeks a response from the European Commission on a range of concerns regarding the state of play of the EU-India Free Trade Agreement (FTA) negotiations, which have been ongoing since 2007.
This is an innovative initiative which I welcome, as it allows environmental and social costs to be taken into account and is not limited merely to infrastructure costs.
This is an issue we must address, and we must cultivate in Europe the risk-taking spirit that exists in the USA among the young generation of Americans.
This is an ongoing discussion. I am not saying that all the questions have been answered and that is exactly why I took the initiative of organising a conference on wages and wage setting in the EU. This conference will take place with the involvement of the social partners and other stakeholders in September.
This is an opportunity - based inter alia on that transparency - to make our point that caring about the well-being of the neighbours we share is a win-win process. I think it will also be a good opportunity, based on some new ideas in that ENP review, to talk about a strengthened cooperation to address the protracted conflicts in our neighbourhood.
This is an opportunity to remind the European Commission of the importance of making the right choices when investing in research and innovation for the future of Europe. EUR 28.5 billion remains to be programmed for the years 2011, 2012 and 2013.
This is an own-initiative report which calls on the European Commission to clearly identify the shortcomings of the current framework and to provide an impact study outlining the potential different alternatives for improving the system, including new legislation if necessary. I urge the Commission to respond to our request as soon as possible.
This is an unacceptable situation. I agree, therefore, with the main thesis of the Simpson report on international air agreements, which has been adopted today.
This is another area in which the Commission must make improvements.
This is another instance of the ultra-liberalism that the EU is seeking to impose on all its partners.
This is because I, like many of you, have heard complaints from the regions that national authorities are not included, while local administrations bemoan the fact that the regional level fails to include them.
This is because adopting an integrated approach to cohesion policy is the only way in which we will help today's cities develop in an organic, sustainable and environmentally responsible manner.
This is because it is a good idea to also include in the scope of the proposal for a regulation on the cross-border transport of euro cash by road between euro area Member States the territory of Member States which are about to introduce the euro, since there is normally an increased need for euro cash transportation in the run-up to the changeover.
This is because of the specific nature of the European budget, with its focus on investment.
This is because the applicant group has to draw up specifications and have them approved at national level and then by the Commission.
This is because the energy mix is a matter for the Member States and because the monitoring, authorisation and supervision of nuclear power plants also falls within the remit of the Member States. I believe that the fact that we are carrying out a stress test at a European level with joint criteria is an extremely important and historic step forwards in the interest of the safety of all European citizens. I can assure you that I will not allow a watered-down version of the stress test to be used.
This is because the key decision criterion in the case of research is excellence, which is not determined on the basis of geography.
This is because these funds must be backed up by effective social policies implemented in developing countries.
This is because these industries, as well as participating in the promotion of cultural and linguistic diversity and the development of a European cultural heritage, also contribute to economic development by stimulating jobs, economic growth and wealth creation.
This is because, firstly, constitutions are not watertight.
This is because, in my opinion, the EU should refrain from imposing social prerogatives on third countries, however correct or beneficial they may deem them to be. Whilst I accept the importance of fostering humane methods of treating a workforce, social policy in the EU has already wreaked havoc on a number of UK institutions and should not be extended. A degree of flexibility and freedom is needed when dealing with social policy, as one-size-fits-all policy making can be counterproductive when applied at domestic level.
This is but a first step forward towards transparent relations between European institutions and lobbyists.
This is certainly a step in the right direction but it is a minimalistic agreement that lacks teeth! Indeed, Member States will only have the possibility, but in no way will they be obliged, of making heavy goods vehicles pay for the external costs they cause.
This is close to me, because how many Jews did we turn away? The English did it, the Americans did, all the countries did it when the Jews were leaving, because people said there were too many Jews.
This is conditional upon there being fair elections, fair opportunities for registration and access to the media for the candidates, to ensure at least an element of equal opportunity.
This is connected with the idea that securing a wireless broadband connection is essential in order for all citizens to have access to new and innovative services. I fully agree with the deadline proposed by the Commission as regards making the 800 MHz band available for electronic communications services by 1 January 2013.
This is currently a concern which I completely understand, but some Members also have prejudices. I would like to ask you not to judge any of the nuclear power stations and also not to judge me and my work until after the stress tests have been completed.
This is currently under discussion by the Committee on Regional Development, as is a proposal for an intermediate category of 75 to 90% GDP, as suggested in the Garriga Polledo report.
This is desperately needed now when we face numerous common challenges demanding common answers in the era named by Mr Schulz as that of a spirit of 'Entsolidarisierung' ('dismantling of solidarity').
This is driven by the shift of power towards emerging international actors and deepening interdependence, encompassing economic and financial problems, environmental deterioration and climate change, energy and resource scarcity, and interconnected security challenges. I endorsed this important report.
This is due to a number of fundamental reasons: it is our contention that at a time of ongoing fiscal consolidation across Member States, it is totally unacceptable that the EU's large Cohesion budget should remain untouched by these efforts.
This is due, at least in part, to the comprehensive vocational education and training systems in those Member States, which facilitate young people's labour market integration.
This is especially important considering the call to align the national budgets with the European Semester.
This is especially important for the European Parliament, because often the issues faced by MEPs are very complex and technical and we almost always need to find a balance between businesses and countries with divergent interests.
This is especially the case in terms of increased transparency and accountability and the more stringent and automatic application of the procedures.
This is essential for our public services, for meeting consumers' expectations, and for developing the Internet regardless of the infrastructure in place.
This is even more important now, when these countries are faced with enormous pressures - and even blackmail - from the EU to accept impositions in the form of the 'Economic Partnership Agreements' that threaten their interests and compromise the effectiveness of the support provided under instruments such as the European Development Funds (EDF).
This is even more important now, when these countries are faced with enormous pressures - and even blackmail - from the EU to accept impositions that threaten their interests and compromise the effectiveness of the support provided under instruments such as the European Development Funds (EDF); the so-called Economic Partnership Agreements are a good example.
This is evidence of the need to address the issues relating to regional policy and cohesion policy in detail in this House. I would like to begin with something very important to me. It was very important to Parliament in terms of timing, and something that I welcomed myself, that Parliament should have the opportunity to form a detailed, multilayered opinion prior to the publication of our draft regulations, and that this opinion should then also find expression in the relevant regulations.
This is fuelling speculation.
This is going back to proposals that have been made in the past, including by colleagues in my political group, for an EU fast-track organisation.
This is good news not only for people who do not want to buy products that contain real fur or leather, but also for those who suffer from allergies. I am disappointed that this report did not make origin labelling compulsory for textile products, but I am encouraged that the Commission will come forward with an assessment report to address such issues in the future.
This is how we made the transition from the growth models of the 1950s, according to which the economy sooner or later stabilises and loses its momentum, to the endogenous growth models of the 1980s, in which technology and the design of constantly different and innovative products allow the economy to maintain a positive growth rate over the long term.
This is huge chunk of our energy demand, a demand which is projected to increase in the coming decades.
This is important in order to strengthen the market's confidence in the design and credibility of the tests.
This is in direct contrast to the Basic Law for the Federal Republic of Germany, which states that 'The care and upbringing of children is the natural right of parents and a duty primarily incumbent upon them' (Article 6(2)). This report is a manifestation of the EU's anti-family agenda and seeks to meddle in the social competences of the Member States.
This is ironical, because the state would definitely benefit from an active and diverse civil society.
This is just the first step: we should continue to press for more.
This is liable to harm the EU's commitment to effective multilateralism, limiting its decisiveness and undermining its credibility.
This is made even worse by the fact that available resources are now channelled into other purposes - included, nonetheless, in the Treaties: militarism and overseas intervention, amongst others - that make this principle even more secondary in nature.
This is much bigger and more complicated than it looks.
This is my 12th discharge exercise. I believe this must be the first time that we have worked together in such a constructive spirit; not only Commissioner Šemeta, but also individual commissioners in charge of their own remits have really invested time on this discharge.
This is necessary because we need to reach a new agreement that no longer forces struggling States to request exemptions from the agreements in force but instead allows for the introduction, through the renegotiation of the Pact itself, of new criteria for establishing sustainable obligations and achievable objectives.
This is necessary in order to avoid the flow of EU funds being interrupted and to provide a transition towards improved competitiveness and the promotion of convergence on a sustainable development path.
This is not a conflict between the EU and the Member States.
This is not a good enough formula for tackling the crisis and it is destined to make it worse.
This is not a matter in which we should get involved.
This is not a response to one or two Prime Ministers calling for something.
This is not about Member States, this is about fundamental rights.
This is not about technical aspects, nor about the security of the EU's external borders, nor yet about migration or efficiency of the judiciary.
This is not demagogy but simple ...
This is not in keeping with the values or the honour of our common European Parliament, to which we have all been elected.
This is not just because they do not identify risks in good time, as in the case of the US real estate market, but also because they can make a bad situation worse after a crisis occurs.
This is not only about money, but also about supporting the frail and nascent civil society.
This is not only harmful to Indian workers; it is also very dangerous for European workers.
This is not something that is particularly easy to deal with in this respect and we should be taking it seriously.
This is not the first time that the European Parliament has discussed the issue of misleading business directories and the directories problem has often been brought up with the Commission and the Member States. I have often spoken on the matter in Parliament and I recently contacted the Commission to discuss all the complaints coming from my own constituency about Internet directory fraud schemes based in other countries.
This is not the first time that we have had a problem relating to food safety in Germany. I propose that the Commission should help the German authorities to enhance the traceability and control of the German procedures, and similar measures should be taken concerning the procedures in other Member States.
This is not the way to treat political opponents and this is certainly not how democracy works in the 21st century in Europe.
This is not what we are going to do. We will resist all these kinds of pressure, but to succeed in this we need to give citizens the confidence that we stand firm on two things: first on correcting the shortcomings of the existing system so that effective relief can be brought to situations of pressure and crisis; and, second, on ensuring, on this basis, full respect for human rights and the humanitarian principles on which our Union is founded.
This is not, I emphasise, a new policy that undermines the Union.
This is not, however, a decision that we need to make this evening during this debate but rather in the context of a broader debate that relates to the financial perspective and the whole question of how to use the resources that we have at our disposal.
This is obvious from the fact that more than 30% of the research funding goes to 10 European regions which have this concentration.
This is obvious from the fact that there is a backlog of repayments due from irregular payments, from the fact that very often the Commission has to use the instrument of suspending payments - something that, as budget controllers, we expressly welcome - and from the fact that the punctuality of reporting suffers.
This is often hindered by the country's legal order; however, weak political will and internal economic pressure are also at play.
This is one of the key structural causes of unemployment in the European Union, and we need the contribution of these agencies more than ever.
This is one of the points I was keen to stress in the opinion of the Committee on International Trade on this issue, for which I was rapporteur.
This is one of the seven flagship initiatives of the Europe 2020 strategy, whose interlinked priorities are smart, sustainable and inclusive growth.
This is one reason why the Commission should examine it for compliance with EU law and it could have a great effect on other Member States.
This is only a brief overview of the measures being taken to address the impact of the global financial crisis on the EU and on three Member States in particular.
This is our annual debate on foreign policy, and in the next year, we hope to see clear outcomes to the human rights review and significant steps to developing a human rights culture in everything that the European External Action Service does.
This is part of a wider strategy to internalise the external costs of transport in all modes to get transport prices right. I would like to thank the Belgian Presidency for unblocking this file in the Council.
This is part of the campaign consisting of promotion material showing a foetus with the words 'Let me live', with the Commission's logo. I made it very clear: this campaign is not in line with the Progress programme and it is not in line with the project proposal submitted to the Commission services by the Hungarian authorities.
This is part of the package of six legislative texts on economic governance and aims to strengthen surveillance of budgetary positions, and the surveillance and coordination of economic policies.
This is particularly important at the moment when there are internal challenges from and fears among our citizens about illegal immigration, which may threaten security and social advantages in Europe.
This is particularly important today as young people, being one of the social groups hit hardest by the global financial crisis and simultaneously having had the smallest role in causing it, must be supported in entering the labour market in order to secure their own futures, as well as to bolster the economy.
This is particularly significant in the light of the problem being faced by the Seychelles authorities of illegal, unreported and unregulated catches.
This is particularly true for migrant groups in the population, who travel abroad to work in places where they are often unfamiliar with the language and the local regulations, and are subsequently, of course, unable to keep up professionally with local workers.
This is particularly true given the need to overcome the financial and economic crisis, and to protect ourselves against any future crisis. I agree that a sound and well-considered process of optimising the legal framework for public procurement is of vital importance for the welfare of EU citizens, for EU consumers and businesses, and for national, regional and local public authorities, and thus for the acceptance of the EU as a whole.
This is piffle! The Liberal Democrats' commitment to civil liberties comes to a grinding halt at Calais.
This is precisely what countries such as Bulgaria and Romania have done, and it is precisely why we have helped Greece, by means of a Frontex mission there on the Turkish-Greek border.
This is precisely what is needed 25 years after Chernobyl.
This is precisely why I think that it must be much more accessible for potential partners in the private sector, who we really need to give the opportunity to become full partners in territorial cooperation projects.
This is precisely why I think that the process for funding cohesion projects must be based on rigorous financial discipline, implementation in strategic areas and, last but not least, on the principle of good governance.
This is precisely why at this time the European Union budget, which has a great and unique ability to give added value to expenditure, investment and resources, can and absolutely must play a fundamental role. A fundamental role in which it is crucial that the Europe 2020 strategy should be taken as a starting point.
This is precisely why it is so difficult to persuade our partners that the values promoted by the European Union are not an attempt to impose our way of thinking on others.
This is precisely why the Development Cooperation Instrument must continue this fight in developing countries as well, by making a significant contribution to guaranteeing a decent living for as many citizens as possible.
This is precisely why we need strong European leadership, which will have courage if there is a need to bang on the table and demand Member States to adopt a common position. I appeal, of course, to Member States as well not to attempt to renationalise our foreign policy and to help you, Lady Ashton.
This is really about political consistency within the European Union, and about a serious structural trend, namely, the rise in the price of oil on account of its scarcity - and every one of us here knows that it is here to stay.
This is really important and we need to develop synergies between research and innovation funding, on the one hand, and structural funds, on the other.
This is required if we are to be honest with our citizens. I hope that the Commission will respond positively to these suggestions from Parliament in its legislative proposals and I expect that the future presidencies will find a way to communicate openly and transparently with Parliament, so that we can complete the assent procedures in the appropriate timeframe.
This is significant support for a country loyal to European integration which will help mitigate two negative repercussions on the Georgian economy - the military conflict with Russia and the global economic and financial crisis.
This is something good, sensible and important.
This is something that was said by an Irish judge. I say to that judge that I do not believe it and that he should demonstrate on what basis such a calculation was made.
This is something that we have worked hard for and its inclusion is a step in the right direction.
This is something we should keep in mind when we analyse development and progress indicators, as this report does.
This is something which we are sometimes lacking in. While Russia has too much, we have too little.
This is such an important issue for us all. I believe Europe needs nuclear power, but it needs safe nuclear power.
This is tantamount to the hangman's salary being paid by the victim! I am voting against this report.
This is the Europe that we value, a Europe that is capable of responding to specific needs and adapting, where necessary, measures that have already been taken when they are no longer sufficient for the changes in circumstances.
This is the MFF now serving as a benchmark for the debate on the financial perspectives 2013-2020, with the proposal being, essentially, to maintain it. The 5% increase will not raise the EU budget substantially above 1% of Union GNI.
This is the aim of the Commission proposal to Parliament and the Council, subject to assessment by Parliament.
This is the broadest agreement ever concluded by the EU in this area, and it seeks more to protect the interests of big multinational corporations than to engage in a balanced partnership between all parties and to contribute to India's economic and social development.
This is the case at the moment in Romania, even in the region I come from, with regard to the radioactive landfill from the Kozloduy power station.
This is the case in Ireland, where Sellafield - one of the world's biggest nuclear reprocessing plants - has been contaminating the Irish Sea to the detriment of Ireland since the 1950s.
This is the case partly on account of the fact that the long line of disasters in the banking sector is the main reason why the public finances of so many countries are so fragile now and partly because many of the key weaknesses of the banking system still remain.
This is the context in which the Italian and French Governments' proposals, and the pragmatic and necessary steps outlined by the Commission today in its communication on immigration, should be understood.
This is the final vote, as an agreement with the Council was reached after the first vote by Parliament last March.
This is the first important general debate which we have held with Baroness Ashton and, if we look back to the early days, it was already clear then that there were certain governments which did not want the title of 'Foreign Minister of the European Union' to be used and this has ultimately led to the name of 'High Representative' being chosen.
This is the first time Parliament has co-decided with the Council on macroeconomic developments and fiscal discipline in the Union. I voted in favour of an extensive reform of the governance framework based on the Community method in order to ensure that Parliament improves the Commission proposals on the establishment of a robust and coherent framework for the next decades, guaranteeing compatibility between fiscal discipline and economic growth.
This is the framework, of course, that was already outlined during the referendum process It is important that this continues, so as to ensure that the political will of both states and of the international community is put into practice in the form of genuine development projects for citizens of both countries.
This is the heterogenesis of purpose. I fear that this problem lies at the heart of this package.
This is the message that Mr Barroso, speaking on behalf of the European Commission, has been sending the Member States for months.
This is the mutual trust upon which the majority of our policies are built in the European Union; without it, Member States are unable to make this political decision that requires unanimity.
This is the need to attract, encourage and involve partners from the private sector with a view to achieving this territorial cooperation, since many services or infrastructures are operated and owned by partners in this sector.
This is the old hoary chestnut that is brought forward to object to every proposal.
This is the only real way of ensuring that the pattern of debt and deficit will be monitored more closely.
This is the only solution that enables us to avoid the misdirection of funds.
This is the only way that, in future, we will be able to say that today's decision has had positive results.
This is the only way we will be able to achieve sustainable growth in Europe and resist the ever-growing pressure of globalisation.
This is the only way, because we cannot be sure about the evolution of fuel prices.
This is the procedure in both the public and private sectors.
This is the purpose of the European border surveillance system (EUROSUR), which has been progressively developed since 2008, and for which the Commission will present a legislative proposal during this year.
This is the reason why I voted in favour of it. The EU can make a powerful contribution to the peace and prosperity of our planet.
This is the reason why we adopted the new constitution that will finally replace the communist constitution of 1949, which evoked bad memories and was the symbol of tyranny for Hungarians.
This is the report I myself drafted, which was voted on during the last part-session in April 2011.
This is the second budget to be adopted under the terms of the rules set out in the Treaty of Lisbon, so it is an important exercise to establish what went wrong last year so that the process can be improved. I voted for this report because I agree in general terms with the mandate that this report grants to Parliament's representatives in the trialogue on this issue, which will take place on 11 July 2011. I would stress the following points of interest in the mandate granted for the trialogue: 1) 2012 EU budgetary allocations in support of the Europe 2020 strategy; 2) proposal for a revision of the current Multiannual Financial Framework 2007-2013 to address the additional financing needs of the International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor (ITER) project; and 3) financial sustainability and manageability of Heading 4 in 2012, particularly in view of the forthcoming amending letter to address the democratic transition in the southern Mediterranean.
This is the second time that Bulgaria and Romania's application of the Schengen provisions has been examined; the first assessment took place in 2010.
This is the swindle of the century! Mr Rehn, can you give me a guarantee now that the scenario whereby Greece first refinances its debts to the maximum degree with Dutch taxpayers' money and then leaves the euro and cancels its debts is a scenario that will not occur? We cannot trust these Greeks, the Greek politicians who, together with the European Commission, swindled their way into the euro with inaccurate figures and who now seem to be primarily occupied with increasing their own salaries.
This is the third application to be examined under the 2011 budget and refers to EUR 9 593 931 from the EGF for the reintegration into the labour market of 2 834 workers from General Motors Belgium and four of its suppliers from Antwerp.
This is the third application to be examined under the 2011 budget, and relates to the mobilisation of a total of EUR 9 593 931 from the EGF for Belgium, based on 2 834 cases of redundancy, all of them potential beneficiaries of intervention, at the primary enterprise General Motors Belgium and at four of its suppliers.
This is the third proposal for the mobilisation of the Fund to be examined under the 2011 budget.
This is the time for the Commission to coordinate the implementation of the action plan so as to avoid duplication between Member States and to ensure overall progress in the many different EU application areas for applications of Global Navigation Satellite Systems (GNSS). The European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service (EGNOS) should cover the entire European Union, and should be extended to the southern, eastern and south-eastern regions of Europe as a priority.
This is therefore a success, and it will have our backing in the vote today.
This is to defend the immunity of Mr de Magistris, as in giving the interview in question Mr de Magistris was acting in performance of his duties as an MEP and carrying out political activities by expressing his opinion on a matter of public interest to his constituents.
This is true from the outset for our urban areas, our cities, which have, on the one hand, very good connectivity and, on the other, very strong and varied cultural personalities, with a great deal of diversity.
This is true not only in the process of learning world languages, but also in the relationship between majorities and minorities living alongside each other. I believe that it is not only minorities who should have to study the language of the majority, but also vice versa.
This is unacceptable and I should remind you that it is already having an impact.
This is unacceptable interference, which puts Member States subjected to this excessive deficit procedure in a position of veritable colonial-style submission to the European powers.
This is unacceptable. I shall vote against the report and I condemn this agreement, which gives the people of Europe a subordinate role, following the example of the North American Free Trade Agreement.
This is understandable, because, alongside tax policy and domestic policy, an independent foreign policy is one of the key features, you might almost say an identifying feature, of national sovereignty.
This is unnecessary and may damage the legitimacy of this powerful EU mutual recognition tool.
This is very important because it means that you can swap bad bonds from countries in difficulties with the rescue mechanism's AAA bonds.
This is very important for countries across Europe, and what is said in the second part of paragraph 36 and paragraph 37 is an attempt to ensure legality and combat criminal activity against forests in Europe. I would like to ask for a roll-call vote on these two texts: the second part of paragraph 36 and paragraph 37.
This is very important, because that is the way to become less dependent on oil; that is the way to harvest the health co-benefits; that is also the way to really harvest the potential of energy savings.
This is what I believe and this is why transparency, thoroughness and objectivity are so important. I am determined to promote this over the next few months.
This is what I wanted to say.
This is what has produced the disaster that Sudan has become.
This is what the citizens of Europe are justifiably calling for and not only in the countries which are supposed to be showing solidarity in the form of constantly growing rescue packages.
This is what we will judge you on again.
This is where the question arises: does the Seventh Framework Programme adequately take into account that diversity, i.e. has it been designed so as to promote research excellence uniformly throughout the European Union.
This is why I am asking the question: whom are we discriminating against to be more precise? I wonder whether it is the parents, who are exploiting their children, or the children, who are losing, as a result, any opportunity to become integrated because they do not have any education, although, as you know, economic integration through work and resources provides a basis for any other integration.
This is why I am working closely with my colleague, Commissioner Cioloş, to address the hardship faced by this group of our citizens that has also been hit by the outbreak.
This is why I can assure you that a serious, objective and thorough approach is very important to me.
This is why I cannot agree with Mrs Ashton that the world will hear one, clear voice from the EU. Instead, I am afraid that for a long period of time, we will have to deal with many voices, as the uniform views of the EU will be weakened not only by the permanent members of the Security Council, but also by the Presidency, which is searching for its niche after the Treaty of Lisbon.
This is why I encourage Member States to support the freedom of association and collective bargaining, the elimination of forced and compulsory labour, the elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and occupation and the abolition of child labour.
This is why I endorse the Commission's initiative for a European Social Innovation pilot which ensures that innovative ideas for the creation of products, services and business models are linked to and, more importantly, meet the social needs of the EU's citizens and consumers.
This is why I find it regrettable that there are still doubts about our readiness to apply the acquis and that some Member States continue to protect their so-called 'national security' by putting unjustified obstacles in the way of a Member State which has earned its right to be treated in a fair and non-discriminatory manner.
This is why I firmly believe that Europe must continue to invest in their development and initiatives like Erasmus, Leonardo and 'Youth on the Move' should be constantly developed further and made popular.
This is why I have supported the proposal.
This is why I say that for the European Union to have a future, we need more money for education, for culture and for young people.
This is why I strongly feel that we ought to talk much more about providing young people with access to jobs and about the future these young people have in the European Union when we mention the 'Youth on the Move' programme.
This is why I support the call for application of the principle of reciprocity in access to public procurement markets contained in the resolution which was adopted today and which I endorsed in the opinion of the Committee on International Trade, which I drafted. I would, however, like the future European Commission proposal on the principle of reciprocity to contribute in particular to the opening of the procurement markets of third countries, and not just to restrict access for businesses from third countries to public procurement markets in the European Union, which might have an adverse effect on competitiveness in the Union market.
This is why I support the forthcoming Multiannual Financial Framework, which will help convince European citizens that the Union has the ability to think and act to protect their long-term interests and achieve effective results in ensuring stable growth and internal cohesion.
This is why I support the report by Mrs Rosbach, which draws up new indicators taking account of major strands of environmental policy such as energy use, biodiversity, water use and waste generation.
This is why I supported Mrs Niebler's report on the necessary changes to impact assessments, particularly regarding the introduction of an independent mechanism.
This is why I think it is a huge mistake.
This is why I think that granting more public money to the fisheries sector in response to increased fuel prices would send the wrong signal during the reform of the common fisheries policy and would provide an incentive for vessel owners to use more powerful and more fuel-consuming engines.
This is why I think that it is very important to implement the first amendment tabled in the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy, which allows the possibility of exporting spent fuel and radioactive waste to third countries, if standards are applied in these countries which are as high as ours.
This is why I urge Member States to adopt without delay the proposal on the European Private Company Statute, which would enable SMEs to trade throughout the EU, while cutting costs and encouraging growth in this area, promoting a 25% reduction in administration and stimulating business. I voted in favour of this motion for a resolution.
This is why I voted for this report. I welcome the fact that Mr Coelho has mentioned the significance of the emigration pressure from Turkey on Bulgaria and Greece.
This is why I want to add my question to those raised by my fellow Members, and I thank Mr Cadec for initiating this debate today: how will the European Commission encourage Member States to use the facilities under the de minimis regulation? What measures is the Commission thinking of taking to achieve a balance between control over the use of the funds and the accessibility of these funds to European fishermen?
This is why I will be standing up for my officials during this process.
This is why Objective 3 must be significantly enhanced, just as the rapporteur has also maintained.
This is why Parliament should advocate a holistic management of the immigration problem to the other institutions, including the governments of Member States, with people at the centre of a recovery strategy - by which I do not mean solely an economic recovery - which needs plumbers, engineers and builders, as well as banking.
This is why cultural undertakings must have administrative support and need a reduction of bureaucracy in administrative systems, but they also need support with raising capital, which may also come from Union funds.
This is why focusing more attention on it would not do any harm.
This is why impact assessments can make a significant contribution to improving the quality of EU law making, particularly in terms of reducing the timescales and costs of the legislative process. I support this measure because, by taking the requirements of Member States into greater consideration, it will be possible to evaluate the possible social, environmental, financial and economic consequences of a legal act.
This is why innovative and professional policy measures, such as promoting the use of environmentally friendly vehicles or developing route planners, are playing an increasingly large role.
This is why it is not appropriate for national measures aimed at tackling the crisis and its consequences to be made to clash with European measures.
This is why it is so important for an agreement to be in place between the Commission and each Member State as regards the scope of forecasts and forecasting methods.
This is why it is so important to promote it as an effective tool in the fight against unemployment, and particularly against unemployment among the young inhabitants of the European Union, which has reached 21%. Apprenticeships, the establishment of advisory services making it easier for workers to plan their training according to the needs of the jobs market and the promotion of lifelong vocational education should be priorities.
This is why it is vital for them to have the opportunity to develop their skills, abilities and knowledge now so that, in the near future, they can make an active contribution to the European Union's growth and development.
This is why it needs to reform the implementation of its green policy. I should emphasise how important it is to review the mechanisms for monitoring emissions and the need to take them into account within the entire budget.
This is why ongoing training plays a key role in constantly adapting vocational qualifications to the demands of the economy.
This is why paragraph 30 was accepted in the conclusions of the European Council in March and indicates the line to be taken and presented by the European Union at the EU-Japan Summit in opening negotiations on a free trade agreement.
This is why the Commission has launched actions to support Member States in improving the quality and relevance of education and training from early childhood through to higher education.
This is why the Commission is explicitly offering all of you the opportunity to revise the directive at the right time, so that we can learn from our experiences and improve the directive even further.
This is why the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs was keen for the whole package to be based not only on Article 121 of the Treaty, which deals with the coordination of economic policies, but on Article 148 also, which deals with employment policy in terms of coordination between the responsibilities of Member States and the European level.
This is why the Council needs to decide to admit Bulgaria and Romania into the Schengen area this September, in order to strengthen security in this area.
This is why the European Commission must urge during the negotiations for some legally binding clauses to be introduced relating to these areas.
This is why the European executive has to guarantee both legal certainty for the investors due to be affected by the transition process and equivalent investment conditions for companies from all the European Union's Member States.
This is why the attitude of all European Union Member States has to reflect clearly the principles of the European social model when social issues and cooperation among the Member States are at stake. I would like to emphasise that the European social model offers equal opportunities in education, training and the labour market, as well as equal access to social services as major pillars of economic success.
This is why the scientific side and the question of what we assume will come from harmonisation in future and of whether we want to see mutual recognition are particularly important in this area.
This is why there is an urgent need for the European Commission to take further steps and to lift the de minimis aid ceiling, as my political group proposes, from EUR 30 000 to EUR 60 000 per firm for the three-year period.
This is why they must contribute to policy evaluation, particularly by making available data about the environmental impact of economic activities.
This is why we also need to look at the European budget as part of one system: both for economic governance and for managing the single currency.
This is why we are fighting: it is not an ideological battle, it is a matter of the general interest.
This is why we are working on the Frontex Regulation; this is why we are working on reducing the migratory pressure from North Africa by addressing its local causes; this is why there is a new neighbourhood policy; this is why we are working on increasing the lending capacity of the European Investment Bank.
This is why we believe that Europe should set an example to all other countries operating in this sector, which end up gaining an advantage on international markets because they do not have to respect any of the limits imposed on our fishermen.
This is why we call on the Commission and Member States to take the necessary measures by 2015 to ensure that at least 50% of public procurement transactions are carried out electronically, in keeping with the commitment made by Member State governments in Manchester in 2005.
This is why we decided to postpone the discharge until the autumn, so that the checks required for the sake of budgetary transparency can be carried out.
This is why we have set out measures to strengthen further the mobility opportunities available to young people and it is why my Commission colleague László Andor and I have placed so much emphasis on improving conditions for young people moving into the labour market.
This is why we in the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance are voting in favour of an intermediate category.
This is why we must avoid introducing barriers in financial institutions.
This is why we must remember today that the current debate is about rules which must be the same for everyone, about equality between Member States enshrined in the Treaty of the European Union and, last but not least, about Europe's so widely acclaimed solidarity.
This is why we must unanimously support Member States devoting 1% of their gross domestic product to research and technological development.
This is why we think the best way to avoid putting Schengen at risk is precisely to reinforce the rules of governance of Schengen and clarify some of its aspects.
This is why within my group, which has [called for] the letter of rights, we take seriously both the quality and speed of the legislation which we need to ensure that the European Arrest Warrant can be the effective tool that it should be for catching serious, organised criminals, and that its credibility must not be diminished by the many trivial cases and uneven playing field that we currently see.
This is why, alarmed at this act of genocide, I lodged a criminal complaint against the IMF's representative in Romania, Jeffrey Franks, as well as against the local henchmen. I appeal to the European Parliament and World Health Organisation to take a stance on this to prevent a Member State of the European Union turning into an extermination camp.
This is why, speaking of stress tests, because some people do not want to talk about it, they only speak or discuss this in one debate or another with an undertone of eliminating nuclear energy, I have to say that Commissioner Oettinger has done an extraordinary job in a very short time.
This is worrying in view of the fact that we probably have several difficult decisions ahead of us, including with regard to the situation in Greece, and there is a risk that at some stage, we will find ourselves up against a wall.
This is worrying, given that disadvantaged children are those who have been shown to benefit most from access to services of this kind.
This is yet another enunciation of just concerns and criticisms that, unfortunately, does not get to the bottom of the issues and, for this very reason, ends up being largely inconsequential.
This is yet another report which essentially reaffirms support for the development of the European Union's common foreign, security and defence policies.
This is yet another tedious repetition of the European Commission's standard rhetoric on issues of lifelong learning and promotion of mobility at EU level, which are considered the best guarantee of improving workers' 'employability' and 'adaptability'. Vocational training is viewed here as a means of promoting 'entrepreneurship' and of responding to the need to 'create an environment where enterprises can succeed, develop and grow', adding that 'to grow, they need a reduced tax burden and predictability so they can plan and make investments'. It also believes that vocational training and lifelong learning must be geared more closely 'to the needs of the labour market and allow for entry into and mobility within it'.
This is, I have to repeat once more, exactly EUR 8.8 billion less than was the ceiling for 2012.
This is, of course, a complex issue, and we have to take into account all those sensitive matters which are related to simplification, but the fact is that certain provisions in the Regulations are really outdated and need to be reconsidered and revised.
This is, of course, an appeal both to this House and to all bodies and institutions of the European Union, but it is also a challenge which I propose that you take back to your countries and national governments, because they have at least the same power to persuade Mr Lukashenko to establish democracy and freedom in Belarus as we do as representatives of the European Union.
This is, therefore, a real test of the credibility of the Greek political forces, both government and opposition, and ultimately, of the will of the Greek people.
This isolation only ended in 1991 when it finally became possible to talk about the watershed in the history of the Baltic nations.
This issue has already been discussed in prior years and particularly in 2007, when the European Parliament and the Commission, together with various bodies and associations, held a conference entitled 'Beyond GDP'. At this conference, the Commission considered that GDP is not a suitable long-term measurement system, just as economic and social progress are not sufficient to assess issues such as climate change, resource efficiency or personal well-being.
This issue has been current in the European Parliament since 1989, which led the Commission to draw up an action plan in 2003.
This issue has implications in terms of human health, particularly for those who work with these animals, but also of economics, as the competitive future of EU animal husbandry is at stake.
This issue is all the more relevant in view of the finding that certain dangerous medicines that caused the deaths of numerous people in Europe were belatedly withdrawn from the market.
This item concerns explanations of vote.
This joint motion for a resolution of the European Parliament concerns renewal of the Fisheries Partnership Agreement between the European Community and the Islamic Republic of Mauritania, which expires on 31 July 2012.
This kind of action is totally unacceptable.
This lack of determination and clarity is obviously interpreted by the demonstrators as a form of abandonment and by the authorities as an indulgence enabling them to step up their repression, a repression so cruel that it is unimaginable that Syria may be elected to sit on the UN's Human Rights Council when the country's authorities are right now refusing UN observers access to the city of Deraa, the scene of terrible violence against unarmed civilians.
This law on environmental economic accounts is intended to help us to draw up an accurate balance sheet in the 27 Member States and to establish whether we are making progress or, as is often the case, whether we are going backwards.
This leads me to my last point. I think it is regrettable that few of our innovative SMEs grow into larger companies and that there are fewer young, R&D-intensive, innovative firms in the EU than in the USA.
This learning sharpens the child's intelligence, stimulates his or her natural curiosity and develops his or her motor skills, puts a premium on manual work and is good for mental health.
This legal text lays down all the rules concerning the selection of the cities, and you know better than I do that a decision of this nature can be changed only through a new initiative following the ordinary legislative procedure.
This list of competences denotes the importance conferred on the GNSS Supervisory Authority and reinforces the demands placed on it to keep its activities and spending within the assigned budget, and to keep to the rules governing the budget's implementation.
This makes it all the more important for us to promote innovation, which can counteract these problems by providing creative ideas and solutions.
This makes it vital to provide a coherent European contract law regime in order to achieve the Internal Market's full potential and help meet our Europe 2020 strategy objectives.
This makes its contradictions more obvious: by endorsing the objectives of the so-called Europe 2020 strategy, it ends up advocating the path that leads to the problems it identifies, of unsecure jobs and unemployment for young people.
This market is a particularly important part of the EU economy and has huge potential, but procurement rules and principles vary across the Member States and prevent companies, particularly small ones, from gaining access to cross-border procurement.
This massive exposure explains the vicious austerity applied by the Commission and the European Central Bank to working people in the peripheral economies.
This may also lead to the greater involvement of private entities, or contributory organisations, and thereby to the more effective use of resources.
This may give rise to huge problems in terms of accomplishing the original reduction target at the same time as maintaining financial liquidity.
This may not please all Members of this House. I am pleased that this reference to Christianity has been included and I would also have liked to have seen it included in the Treaty of Lisbon and in the European constitution.
This means not merely checking funding applications but, where appropriate, also seeking out suitable partners or networks for collaboration.
This means that Croatia's involvement in the EMCDDA's work programme requires a link to the European Information Network on Drugs and Drug Addiction and an exchange of data with the EMCDDA.
This means that EGF has been recognized as a separate specific instrument with its own objectives and deadlines and therefore it deserves an appropriate allocation in order to fulfil all the attributed to it goals and objectives while superseding transfers from unused budget lines, which could be detrimental to the achievement of the various policies objectives. I also support Rapporter's call on the need to address, in the forthcoming revision of the EGF Regulation, the issue of how to treat multinational companies, which restructuring or relocation during major changes in world trade patterns affects, especially in times of financial crisis, common workers who suffer the most from the consequences of it, and hence need the intervention of the EGF.
This means that Parliament has the power and the duty to monitor negotiations - in this case, trade negotiations - and to intervene politically using the parliamentary means at its disposal, such as hearings, resolutions and oral questions, in order to stay informed on the progress of these negotiations.
This means that additional measures need to be adopted because, as we know, the abolition of internal border controls requires a high level of mutual trust between Member States and also the existence of effective controls on external borders, since the security of the Schengen area depends on the rigour and efficiency with which each Member State carries out its external border checks.
This means that as the procedures are revised, we will oppose the idea of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund (EGF) becoming just another instrument, for example, an instrument of the cohesion policy, because that would mean that all the EU's money apart from funds put aside for foreign policy or research and development would belong to the cohesion policy.
This means that businesses take action on a day-to-day basis to protect society and the environment, on their own initiative and irrespective of any legal regulations.
This means that industry, the economy and private citizens have the security to plan ahead on the basis of the targets which were adopted last year with a democratic majority of 20% stand-alone and 30% when other relevant partners are prepared to enter into binding agreements.
This means that it is a natural step for the Committee on Transport and Tourism to draw up an own-initiative report with the aim of setting out some general principles regarding how air transport agreements should be evaluated.
This means that safety nets should be reinforced at times when most needed as we have seen in the past couple of years, while money would be saved in good times.
This means that the citizens are working hard and earning a great deal.
This means that the present system embodied by a myriad of overlapping and sometimes conflicting bilateral investment treaties (BITs) of the Member States has to be replaced - in a reasonable time span - by a new framework of modern EU investment treaties consistent with cross-cutting EU policy goals.
This means that the removal of internal border controls requires a high level of mutual trust between Members States regarding the existence of effective external border controls because the security of the Schengen area depends on how rigorously and effectively each Member State controls its external borders.
This means that we need to make constant improvements to procedures relating to what is known as the impact assessment for a particular legislative act.
This means that we need to progress from a logic where the general rule is subsidy and exemption, lending and risk sharing, to a logic where catalysing private investment by using public funds is a major objective.
This means that we should gradually move to thinking about which agencies we can close down. I would like to ask the previous speaker, who took the floor twice: Where are the specific efficiency measurements? How many jobs have the agencies actually created? Where is the turnover which justifies ongoing funding of EUR 90 million per year?
This means that, in many situations, GDP can increase while the majority of a country's citizens become poorer, because GDP does not take into consideration the level of inequality in a society.
This means them coming into contact with as many cultures as possible within Europe, moving around freely and studying in as many Member States as possible.
This means, first of all, conditionality: readiness not only to suggest and implore, but also to cause pain, i.e. to apply real sanctions to regimes which do not respect even the lives of their subjects. I agree that sanctions against Syria have to include hundreds of people, not just a dozen.
This measure is also very important in connection with the Commission's recently published White Paper, the 'Road map to a Single European Transport Area - Towards a competitive and resource efficient transport system'.
This measure will also benefit consumers as innovation is encouraged.
This measure would relieve the pressure on fishermen, thereby enabling them to make a decent living from their work without hindering the replenishment of stocks.
This measure, presented as temporary, but for a period of three years, would have a major impact on Portuguese textiles, so I voted against this report.
This mechanism provides important information such as the number of individuals and organisations involved in all the activities relating to the register and the level of EU resources received by registrants.
This minimum 5% increase, which is being questioned, is insufficient for resolving all these issues.
This money is not being used effectively if it remains in Brussels' coffers.
This money is to be reinvested in transport infrastructure of any kind, while a minimum of 15% of the revenues are to be earmarked for TEN-T projects. I think we also need long-term measures which will bring about convergence in the methods which all charging systems of the Member States use to calculate external costs.
This morning, the Vice-President of the Commission/High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy, Baroness Ashton, declared that the EU and NATO are, for the first time, sharing information and data on Libya.
This morning, we are thinking about the challenges faced by culture in the globalised world of the 21st century.
This mosaic-like city was and can once more become the living metaphor for Europe.
This motion for a European Parliament resolution is important as GNSS (Global Navigation Satellite Systems) can be applied to all modes of transport (land, sea and air), making traffic operate more efficiently, supporting economic growth and reducing pollution.
This motion for a European Parliament resolution on Investing in the future: a new Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF) for a competitive, sustainable and inclusive Europe is important both in terms of achieving the EU 2020 objectives (with regard to restoring and providing long-term protection for the levels of economic growth) and of preventing a recurrence of the current economic crisis.
This motion for a European Parliament resolution on the Report 2010 on the implementation of the cohesion policy programmes for 2007-2013 encompasses points which are contrary to the principles of our political stance, and it therefore cannot be supported.
This motion for a resolution calls on the Commission to approach the issue of balanced access to public sector markets and to undertake the revision of public procurement and concessions, so allowing the involvement of the European Parliament, the Member States, and of citizens and businesses.
This motion for a resolution is on EU-Canada trade relations, whose negotiations are expected to be concluded by the end of 2011.
This motion for a resolution of the European Parliament concerns a free trade agreement (FTA) between the European Union and India.
This motion for a resolution of the European Parliament concerns a free trade agreement (FTA) between the European Union and Japan, the third largest economy in the world in terms of gross domestic product (GDP). Trade relations between the EU and Japan are not just important to their respective economies, they are fundamental: in 2009, they represented more than a quarter of global GDP and more than 20% of world trade.
This motion for a resolution of the European Parliament concerns a review of the Small Business Act (SBA). The SBA is a series of political principles aiming to support small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in terms of access to finance and markets, as well as of improved legislation.
This motion for a resolution proposes, amongst its suggestions, allocating funding for the research and development of new GNSS applications which can be applied in areas such as climate change, agriculture, civil defence, natural disaster warning systems and so on. Last but not least, developing an EU-level GNSS system guarantees the EU's independence from similar navigation systems outside the EU.
This move will be institutionalising inefficiency and there is no justification for it.
This must be demonstrated not only by appealing for free, pluralist elections to be organised and democratic order to be restored, but also, in practical terms, by providing proper humanitarian aid.
This must be preserved as a powerful, effective instrument, while funding must continue at a sufficient level as part of the post-2013 CAP programmes.
This must be used to achieve more ambitious goals set by the EU. One of them is to build a coherent, integrated and professional EU approach to the external dimension of social policy.
This necessary increase in the European budget must be accompanied by substantial savings through optimising (pooled) expenditure.
This needs to be complemented by renewed strength in making sure the other agencies of the EU, like Frontex, are there to support states in securing their own EU external borders, and that the problems are not exacerbated by further countries which may join the EU and therefore the Schengen area that are both ill-prepared to face the challenges and also to assume the burdens that accompany the obvious benefits.
This needs to be stated openly at this point. I have a question for the Commissioner in this regard: the Commission has always claimed that the appropriate legal framework for this does not exist.
This new approach will also be relevant to mountain regions which could similarly play a leading role in realising the objectives of the Europe 2020 strategy.
This new directive, which comprises the fusion of four already existing directives, aims to give new impetus to completing the internal market by removing legal obstacles to cross-border trade.
This new framework aims to promote competition and strengthen the integration of EU policies in order to consolidate the Europe 2020 strategy, in favour of big companies and financial institutions, and of the concentration and centralisation of capital.
This new framework aims to promote competition and strengthen the integration of EU policies in order to consolidate the Europe 2020 strategy, to the benefit of the usual suspects: big companies and financial institutions, and the concentration and centralisation of capital.
This new legislation will protect those consumers purchasing products on line - customers will now have a period of two weeks in which to change their mind about on-line purchases.
This new proposal for a regulation seeks to extend the scope of the regulation on cross-border transport of euro cash by road between euro area Member States to the territory of Member States that are about to introduce the euro.
This new protocol with São Tomé and Príncipe of 15 June 2010, for the 2011-2014 period, therefore makes complete sense, and Parliament must give its consent.
This new smart, symmetrical system will lead to surveillance that is more rigorous, to assessments by the Commission, the European Parliament, the Council and the European Central Bank that are more thorough, and to the drafting of recommendations on additional reforms and corrective plans.
This new version of the Small Business Act must therefore give more support to innovation among SMEs by diversifying the financing instruments and by reducing as much as possible the administrative burdens that they face.
This new way of policy-making is also a strong appeal for collective responsibility, because the European Union's economic space is so much more than the sum of our different economies.
This objective, set in 2007 and provided with a budget of EUR 8.5 billion for 2007-2013, distributed among cross-border, transnational and interregional programmes, enables 271 European regions to benefit from significant financing aimed at developing and enhancing joint projects and overcoming various natural borders and barriers, such as land and sea borders and administrative barriers, that affect the everyday lives of our citizens.
This obviously includes international trade agreements, which constitute an exclusive competence of Parliament, and for which parliamentary scrutiny is more justified.
This offers Member States additional opportunities to make their national road charging systems more efficient, which means a better transport-demand-management instrument.
This opinion relates to the proposal for a regulation on the effective enforcement of budgetary surveillance in the euro area.
This optional instrument would stand alongside Member States' contract laws as an alternative option which the contractual parties would be free to choose.
This over-representation - particularly in the Bretton Woods institutions - often results in dissonance among the European voices and is perceived as hugely problematic by the emerging powers, which consider the status quo to be unfair.
This own-initiative report follows in the wake of the Commission communication on Innovation Union and is one of the initiatives of the Europe 2020 strategy, whose objective is to encourage innovation and competitiveness by creating robust policies that stimulate the exchange of ideas and solutions to a number of problems that cut across all the Member States
This own-initiative report raises the main current issues concerning the credit rating industry, amongst which, the most important are the lack of competition, oligopolistic structures and the lack of accountability and transparency, notably regarding the rating of the sovereign debt. I consider it to be very timely.
This own-initiative report, in which the competent drafting committee incorporated numerous proposals by the Committee on Culture and Education, aims to galvanise the EU and the Member States into achieving the objectives of the EU 2020 strategy, especially in the employment and training sector.
This package is important. I would like to say a big thank you to my fellow Members.
This package must include a strong monetary arm alongside a strong economic arm, including the Europe 2020 strategy to secure the tenability of our social market economy for all 27 Member States. I am thus calling on you to show resolve in the Economic and Financial Affairs Council (Ecofin) next week.
This package of proposals will help encourage Member States to apply a prudent budgetary policy and, if appropriate, to adopt corrective measures in good time to restrict penalties from being imposed.
This paragraph does admittedly refer to the Mediterranean countries, but it should be extended to include all countries involved in the European Neighbourhood Policy.
This partnership and cooperation agreement, prepared for the summit of 9-10 June, will be able to stand as an important policy guideline in strengthening this cooperation, which we are confident will bring Russia membership of the World Trade Organisation, as well as encourage visa liberalisation.
This performance level must be defined.
This period is critical for cognitive, sensory and motor development, affective and personal development and language acquisition, and also provides the basis for lifelong learning. I should stress that the early development of healthy lifestyle behaviours, such as good nutritional habits and appropriate and balanced exercise, can have a profound impact on physical and mental development.
This period of crisis and rescue plans may be the worst possible time for starting negotiations on the financial perspective, but for all those of us who believe in the EU budget as an instrument needed to transform 27 Member States into a true Union, the challenge is before us, and our sights must be set high enough to tackle it.
This perspective - which some people also call the social market economy - is actually a new paradigm that goes beyond welfare economics and returns instead to the centrality of the human being.
This phenomenon is nevertheless associated with the risk that these countries - and, in particular, their companies - will export labour standards below those of the European Union. I therefore believe that the European Union should be watchful of countries that wish to conclude trade agreements with us.
This phenomenon is of great significance and has repercussions on the daily lives of many of our citizens, exacerbating the insecurity they face.
This pillar-based model helps to clarify the CAP for the agricultural operators concerned and to eliminate overlapping.
This place is in the middle of this Chamber, behind the podium, because you are the Council, the Commission and also Parliament. I believe this dialogue needs to be developed and strengthened in order to achieve democratic legitimacy for our external policy, directed and controlled by Europe's citizens.
This point is extremely important for the Azores in view of the fact that the sector plays a strategic role and quotas have been very important to milk producers until now. I must emphasise this, because alternatives to the milk quota scheme have not yet been put forward.
This point was made several times just now.
This policy urgently needs serious change and correction, not only in order to make it fairer, but also if it is to be more effective, for the benefit of everyone.
This position is incompatible with our political approach in which strengthening borders and combating illegal immigration are key priorities, and therefore we would argue that additional resources should be invested in this direction. I therefore decided to vote against the motion.
This positive attitude must be verified in practice, especially with regard to the 27 non-tariff barriers identified by the European Union, which must be lowered so that we can open negotiations with Japan and make them one of the priorities of our trade policy.
This postponement is justified on procedural grounds and is designed to ensure the best possible collaboration with the Commission and the Council. I therefore invite you all to vote in favour of postponing the vote on this report and the one that follows five items later.
This postpones Parliament's decision on granting the Executive Director of the European Medicines Agency discharge in respect of the implementation of the Agency's budget for the 2009 financial year.
This practical, yet important, loophole is identified in the own initiative report, which I voted in favour of.
This preventive measure will also provide a further deterrent against payment delays and will force the disclosure of assets in cross-border claims.
This principle is confirmed by Council Regulation (EC) No 2371/2002.
This principle was included by us, the Commission, in the directive on administrative cooperation in the field of taxation, which came into force on 11 March 2011 and which, unfortunately, will only be applied on 1 January 2013.
This problem is apparent yet again in the Audy report and, what is more, it involves yet another unresolved issue, namely, the imbalance in EU funding.
This process has already begun with the approval of the resolution of the United Nations General Assembly on 3 May, which will allow the European Union to participate in the General Assembly's work.
This process was supported by a conference organised at the end of May by the Commission involving national authorities, interest groups and independent experts.
This programme has been kept under constant review by the new government.
This programme is aimed not only at creating a competitive and vibrant European industry for the provision of broadband services and equipment, but also at establishing an environment that is conducive to the development of pan-European services.
This project aims to provide signals guaranteed for civilian use and to ensure that European industry at all levels has an opportunity to compete in this growing strategic market.
This proposal amends certain elements of Regulation (EC) No 1215/2009 in order to permit the extension of its validity to 31 December 2015 and make certain adjustments consequent to the entry into force of bilateral agreements with Bosnia and Herzegovina and Serbia.
This proposal can only be the first step in the right direction, which is why I have voted in favour of it.
This proposal clarifies the issues involved and refers its adoption to plenary, bearing in mind the Rules of Procedure in force. I therefore agree with the rapporteur's recommendation that the 'joint committee' should be considered the 'committee responsible', within the meaning of the Rules of Procedure.
This proposal concerns the straightforward codification of the rules already in force on indications or marks identifying the lot to which a foodstuff belongs, without making changes to their substance on which Parliament might need to give an opinion.
This proposal for a directive is the result of a review of the consumer acquis which started in 2004 with the aim of simplifying and completing the existing regulatory framework relating to consumer protection.
This proposal for a regulation only makes provision for the collection and compilation of data regarding air emissions, environmental taxes applicable to economic sectors, and economic material flow accounting.
This proposal is confined to codification of the existing texts relating to units of measurement, without any change in their substance, so I am voting in favour.
This proposal is confined to the codification of the existing texts relating to access to the driving position and the doors and windows of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors, without any change in their substance, so I am voting in favour.
This proposal is confined to the codification of the existing texts relating to denominations and technical specifications of euro coins intended for circulation, without any change in their substance, so I am voting in favour.
This proposal is confined to the codification of the existing texts relating to narrow-track wheeled agricultural and forestry tractors, without any change in their substance, so I am voting in favour.
This proposal is confined to the codification of the existing texts relating to rear-mounted roll-over protection structures of narrow-track wheeled agricultural and forestry tractors, without any change in their substance, so I am voting in favour.
This proposal is confined to the codification of the existing texts relating to the permissible sound level and the exhaust system of motor vehicles, without any change in their substance, so I am voting in favour.
This proposal is confined to the codification of the existing texts relating to the structure and rates of excise duty applied to the consumption of manufactured tobacco, without any change in their substance, so I am voting in favour.
This proposal relates to amendments to the Community Customs Code and its implementing rules, concerning customs security measures for goods that are exported to or imported from non-EU countries.
This proposal responds to underlying questions about the competence of a committee in cases where a legislative dossier is of particular importance, whilst adhering to the principles of equality and cooperation.
This proposal was tabled by the Commission at the express request of the European Council in the immediate aftermath of the floods that hit Pakistan in the summer of last year and brought widespread devastation to the country and to its people.
This proposal, which is in line with previous measures, aims to make the lives of major European importers, which are its main beneficiaries, even easier, as they will be able to access raw materials and low-cost finished products, while sacrificing national industry and thousands of jobs.
This protocol is aimed at extending the customs security measures of the established agreement between the EU and the Principality of Andorra.
This provision is very useful, in particular, for those consumers who have an allergy to leather goods, and to consumers who, for ideological reasons, do not want to buy textiles containing elements of animal origin. I hope that in the near future, we will also be successful in achieving an understanding on indicating the origin of goods.
This puts the European idea at risk and allows narrow-minded nationalism to gain ground.
This question is: What is the role of the Union as an independent body in international policy? Over the last few days, I have read articles about Baroness Ashton which have astonished me, because they criticise her absence and her lack of policies.
This question, High Representative, is all the more pressing after Fatah and Hamas last week re-established Palestinian unity whilst completely ignoring the conditions of the parties, in other words, including the European Union, for a unified Palestinian Government, namely, recognition of the State of Israel, the renunciation of violence and terrorism and compliance with earlier commitments.
This radical austerity policy is currently driving citizens of Greece, of Portugal and of Spain, but also those of northern European countries, back into an ill-judged nationalism that we thought had long since been vanquished in Europe.
This range is unacceptable to me because it offers the prospect of payments to few areas that require support, including in the western part of the EU. This goes against the actual aim of regional support, namely the strengthening of the weakest regions.
This rate decreased from 54% in 2007 to 36%. We think that more efforts must be made in this field.
This really concerns us, not because we do not believe that the focus of the cohesion policy should be extended, but because we think that without additional resources, this extension risks depriving and reducing the resources for the areas referred to in Objective 1 - the so-called convergence objective - which need just as much attention and support from the European Union.
This really is no good. I believe that a successful strategy for promoting innovative SMEs should not just be supported by subsidies, but by the creation of a business environment, where SMEs would have more freedom and improved access to various sources of financing. I also believe that SMEs should pay more attention to social and labour market issues, which have an impact on entrepreneurship and SMEs' abilities to employ workers with the relevant skills.
This really must be included in the stress test.
This recommendation for second reading concerns the Council position on the adoption of a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on textile fibre names and related labelling and marking of fibre composition of textile products.
This recommendation, drafted by Mrs Serracchiani and based on the proposal for a Council Decision on the conclusion of an agreement between the EU and the Republic of Croatia, concerns the interest that Croatia has shown in forging a link with the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction (EMCDDA). Given that Croatia is one of the main routes for trafficking drugs to the EU, where significant seizures of illicit hallucinogenic products - including cannabis, heroin, cocaine, ecstasy and amphetamines - have been made; that the Croatian Government has adopted a National Programme for Prevention of Drugs amongst Youth; that the country has sought accession to the EU; and that its integration is expected to take place in 2013, I support the conclusion of the agreement between the EU and the Republic of Croatia, so that the latter can forge links with the Lisbon-based EMCDDA.
This reform must standardise Member States' compliance and enforcement regimes, as there is no uniformity throughout the EU. In this regard, I strongly urge the Commission to introduce a system of administrative sanctions.
This region was the key to the conflict and, according to the statement of the International Crisis Group, developments in this part of the country will influence the fate of the whole of Sudan.
This register is a step toward transparency, but just a step. I am with my fellow Members who have stressed the need for this register to be obligatory, for it to incorporate the Council, and for it to include harsher penalties when irregular behaviour is detected.
This register is therefore a step in the right direction. I contributed to its development and I am also extremely satisfied with the work that has been done.
This register must be kept in a manner consistent with the right of Members to perform their parliamentary duties without restriction and must not be used as a pretext to deny their voters access to Parliament's premises.
This regulation dealt with the most pressing issues, subjecting CRAs to oversight and regulation.
This regulation is aimed at establishing rules on the use of textile fibre names and related labelling of textile products, as well as rules on the quantitative analysis of binary and ternary textile fibres mixtures.
This regulation provides only for the collection and compilation of data regarding air emissions, environmental taxes applicable to economic sectors, and economic material flow accounting.
This regulation will allow consumers to avoid buying products containing non-textile parts of animal origin, whether for health, ethical or other considerations.
This remedy will be no more effective tomorrow than it was yesterday.
This report - like the many others we have examined up to now - promotes the simplification and clear formulation of European legislation, not least because, as in the case of excise, there are many different provisions that have been amended several times.
This report acknowledges the existing problems with cohesion policy, beginning with the delayed conclusion of negotiations on the Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF) and the legislative package, resulting in the belated implementation of the national strategies and operational programmes.
This report acknowledges the existing problems with cohesion policy, beginning with the delayed conclusion of negotiations on the Multiannual Financial Framework and the legislative package, resulting in the belated implementation of the national strategies and operational programmes, the inadequacy of the funds provided for the 2007-2013 period, particularly taking account of the enlargement of the EU, and the use of only 27.1% of available resources in the current period, as well as the continuation of national cofinancing and the bureaucratic burden This makes clear the errors and weaknesses of cohesion policy, which we have always denounced.
This report address some of these issues, but it then limits itself to seeking to levy a new tax on heavy goods vehicles, to be added to the existing ones, some of which have been increased recently in Portugal, such as the 'shadow tolls'. The effectiveness of these is doubtful in terms of the effective pursuit of the stated objectives, while they represent an additional burden and may result in many companies going out of business given the current economic and social crisis.
This report addresses some of these issues, but it goes no further than seeking to levy a new charge on heavy goods vehicles, to be added to the existing charges, some of which have been recently increased in Portugal.
This report adds a key element to a European policy that must aim to provide young Europeans with the tools to be more competitive on a labour market that has become increasingly globalised.
This report advocates the creation of a single strategic framework for the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF) and the other Structural Funds, particularly the European Agricultural Fund for Rural Development (EAFRD) and the European Fisheries Fund (EFF), for the next financing period after 2013, along with its coordination with other instruments of the external aspects of EU policy.
This report again makes the unacceptable demand that the European Union have a seat at the United Nations (UN) General Assembly and a permanent seat on the Security Council, as a result of the anti-democratic Treaty of Lisbon and the 'legal personality' acquired from it. It is not with the intention of making the workings of either the UN body more democratic, or of creating a new, fairer world order, that the majority in the European Parliament is doing this.
This report aims to contribute to setting out the post-2013 Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF), approving a 5% increase in budget appropriations on the current MFF, the maintenance of funding for cohesion and agriculture, and a financial strengthening of the areas of research, development and innovation, and of energy and transport.
This report aims to ensure that the Member States will comply with the deficit and debt limits set out in the Stability and Growth Pact. I am voting against it for two main reasons: because the pact it aims to regulate is responsible for a decade of mediocre growth in Europe, and because its disciplinary measures are founded on sanctions that aggravate the problems it aims to solve.
This report aims to extend the validity of Council Regulation (EC) No 1215/2009, which adopts exceptional trade measures for countries and territories participating in or linked to the EU's Stabilisation and Association Process.
This report aims to replace the link with production in the new system of direct support for farmers with environmental and social criteria.
This report aims to strengthen measures of cooperation between Member States by encouraging vocational education and training that is mutually recognised, of a better quality, more geared towards the needs of the labour market and more accessible to all.
This report also contains a number of worrying aspects, particularly when it demonstrates the desire to reform higher education curricula solely on the basis of market requirements, without going to the trouble of reaffirming the more general role of higher education with respect to the overall training of tomorrow's citizens.
This report also has an underlying fallacy that keeps cropping up in EU discourse on culture: that there is a single European identity and a single European culture, and, even more so, that it is based on values like liberty, democracy, tolerance and solidarity.
This report also rejects the exclusive following of an approach that promotes austerity to resolve the EU's economic problems. I cannot fail to point out that there is a need for more investment to help in the implementation of the Europe 2020 strategy, and this report stresses that need.
This report also reminds us of the need for a strategy for the future of education and, above all, for guidance on all the professional needs that Europe will have in the near future.
This report also stresses the importance of promoting the transposition and implementation of European legislation to facilitate the mobility of teaching staff and students, as well as to simplify procedures for recognising foreign vocational qualifications. I therefore voted for this report.
This report analyses whether legislation has been properly applied by the Member States as well as the way in which the Member States have understood and followed the Community Strategic Guidelines when implementing their National Strategic Reference Frameworks and Operational Programmes.
This report argues that the Commission and the Council should undertake a balanced comprehensive assessment of all the relevant factors, especially of the extent to which they affect, as aggravating or attenuating circumstances, the assessment of compliance with the deficit and/or debt criteria.
This report by Mr Falbr concerns the external dimension of social policy, promoting labour and social standards and European corporate social responsibility.
This report by Mr Lambsdorff concerns a proposal for a European Parliament recommendation to the Council on the 66th Session of the United Nations (UN) General Assembly.
This report by Mr Simpson deals with international air agreements under the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU). Since 1 December 2009, with the entry into force of the TFEU, Parliament has seen its powers strengthened and has taken on codecision responsibilities in many areas, including air services.
This report by Mrs Hirsch tackles the problem of European cooperation on vocational education and training to support the Europe 2020 strategy.
This report calls for Russia to 'renounce all protectionist measures' and threatens retaliation if Russia does not bend to this demand.
This report calls more generally for the strengthening of the core labour standards which are embedded in ILO conventions, including freedom of association and collective bargaining, elimination of forced and compulsory labour, elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and occupation and the abolition of child labour.
This report calls on the Commission to submit a tiered strategy for the 'Beyond GDP' approach which should explain how the new approach can be used pragmatically in day-to-day political activities.
This report comes in the wake of the previously drafted Lyon report on the broad strokes of common agricultural policy (CAP) reform, and of the Commission communication on the CAP, of which it is largely in favour.
This report concerns a number of issues related to the urban dimension of cohesion policy that the Committee on Regional Development has identified as being particularly challenging for the future cohesion policy.
This report concerns a proposal for a regulation of Parliament and of the Council repealing Council Regulation (EC) No 1541/98 on proof of origin for certain textile products, and on the conditions for the acceptance of such proof, and amending Council Regulation (EEC) No 3030/93 on common rules for imports of certain textile products from third countries.
This report concerns the entry of Bulgaria and Romania to the Schengen acquis and, following the evaluation visits and a final report, it concludes that both countries are ready for full accession.
This report concerns the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on roll-over protection structures mounted in front of the driver's seat on narrow-track wheeled agricultural and forestry tractors, as a codified text.
This report confirms the understanding of culture current in the European Union: an exploitative vision of culture that considers it at the service of foreign policy through the concept of cultural diplomacy.
This report considers whether the review of the Seventh Framework Programme for research and technological development (FP7) may offer an opportunity to consolidate the golden triangle of knowledge, education and research that is the key to Europeans' destiny. I welcome the level of participation and excellence in project selection but regret, however, that the success rate under this programme generally remains quite low and is a disincentive, particularly for SMEs. I support, within the framework of the 'People' chapter, the Marie Curie Actions, which are of great value to researchers in their career and acknowledge that 'Joint Technological Initiatives' (JTIs) assist the competitiveness of European industry.
This report contains a number of positive proposals, in particular, regarding the participation of young people in the process of drafting European youth policies, the enhancement of informal and non-formal education, and an improvement to trainees' status.
This report contains concrete and pragmatic proposals, stemming from the demands on the ground, from the numerous stakeholders met and from citizens' expectations.
This report contains several proposals to achieve this: improving communication between businesses and universities, making university programmes and structures more relevant to specific needs in the labour market, introducing into study programmes periods of high quality work experience that are fairly remunerated and respect the young person's social rights.
This report contains several proposals to achieve this: the proposal to designate a person in every EU representation in third countries, for example, to coordinate cultural relations and interaction between the EU and those countries, or the proposal that the draft European External Action Service (EEAS) organisational chart contain posts tailored to cultural aspects and that a coordination unit be set up. Moreover, it seems opportune that third countries be involved to a greater extent in EU programmes devoted to culture as much as mobility, youth, education and training: the accessibility to these programmes on the part of young nationals of those countries must be facilitated.
This report contains some positive aspects: the denouncing of multinationals' constant disrespect for workers' rights and decent work, and the need to horizontally integrate social policy in all European Union external policy, including so-called corporate social responsibility (CSR).
This report covers a wide range of issues and is the result of much hard work and fruitful negotiation involving all the main political groups. I sincerely hope the Commission and the Member States will act on its constructive suggestions.
This report deals with the Commission Green Paper on forest protection and information in the EU: preparing forests for climate change.
This report demands a change in global governance and in the EU in order to better implement worker's rights and working conditions, calling for the strengthening of the core labour standards which are embedded in the eight ILO conventions that focus on the freedom of association and collective bargaining, the elimination of forced and compulsory labour, the elimination of discrimination in respect of employment and occupation and the abolition of child labour.
This report disgracefully calls for employers to be able to terminate apprenticeship contracts should the apprentices be deemed unsuited to their employment.
This report emphasises, however, that the cultural dimension of external actions still remains underdeveloped and undercoordinated, and that it is necessary to adopt a common and coherent strategy in this area.
This report evaluates the positions of Bulgaria and Romania, stressing, on the one hand, that Bulgaria follows best practices in various activities and, on the other, the efforts made by Romania as regards the shortcomings that were being detected.
This report focuses on a proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Council Regulation (EC) No 1215/2009, which introduces exceptional trade measures for countries and territories participating in or linked to the EU's stabilisation and association process.
This report focuses on the European Urban Agenda and its Future in Cohesion Policy.
This report focuses on the fundamental aspects of the operation of the Arrest Warrant, highlighting for the first time since it became operational in January 2004 not only its successes but also its shortcomings.
This report focuses on three objectives that are: developing physical infrastructure; economic, social and environmental modernisation of towns; and 'smarter' urban development.
This report follows on from the evaluations carried out under the auspices of the Council's Schengen Evaluation Working Group.
This report gives the impression of being entirely technical, but ultimately it is about really important matters.
This report has been adopted, taking into account the fact that, during the necessary negotiations, the rapporteur had the opportunity to ensure that a review clause would be included in the regulation, concerning the possibility of introducing new models covering a variety of environmental goods following an implementation report by the Commission.
This report helps confirm the EU as a player contributing to global stability and is a necessary step in developing a genuine pan-European approach in foreign and defence policy. I believe that better harmonisation of already existing instruments and reaching consensus on the strategic aims of the common security and defence policy in the spirit of the Treaty of Lisbon are of paramount importance.
This report helps to draw attention to the factors which are crucial in meeting the requirements of the future of research in Europe, in particular, in the context of the objectives assigned by the Europe 2020 strategy.
This report hypocritically names social unrest as one element of a new generation of security challenges and risks.
This report introduces the key phrase 'the polluter pays', which means that the change to the rules on road transport tolls will allow us to add the real costs of air and noise pollution by lorries to the taxes and fees collected when heavy goods vehicles use motorways.
This report invites the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy/Vice-President of the Commission to do something that I consider very important, namely, to seek common EU positions on the subjects to be decided in the Security Council in order to implement these positions through joint voting practices and to avoid a repetition of past dissensions.
This report is a perfect example of this exercise.
This report is a step in the direction of more stringent controls on credit rating agencies, which is why I have voted in favour of it.
This report is aimed at clarifying and simplifying Council Directive 86/298/EEC of 1986, along with various amendments already made to it, on the subject of rear-mounted roll-over protection structures on narrow-track wheeled agricultural and forestry tractors.
This report is aimed at extending exceptional, unlimited, duty-free access to the EU market for nearly all products originating in the countries and territories benefiting from the so-called stabilisation and association process.
This report is another part of the package of six pieces of legislation on so-called economic governance, and is one of the package's key pieces of legislation.
This report is completely unbalanced in favouring a prospect whereby the EU would, in future, enjoy a status at least equivalent to that of the Member States in global and regional multilateral organisations.
This report is entirely consistent with policies of increased liberalisation, especially in the public service sector, and with standards which have deleterious effects not only on the supply of medicinal products, but also on the development of research.
This report is intended to provide the financial foundations of the EU superstate which I and my constituents (...) reject. I joined my fellow Conservatives in voting against this report.
This report is of even greater importance given the economic and financial crisis that Europe is experiencing, so it should be an instrument for reallocating and maximising cohesion funding.
This report is on early years learning in the European Union.
This report is on the annual report from the Council to the European Parliament on the main aspects and basic choices of the common foreign and security policy (CFSP) in 2009, presented to the European Parliament in application of Part II, Section G, paragraph 43 of the interinstitutional agreement of 17 May 2006.
This report is on the cultural dimensions of the EU's external actions. I agree with the rapporteur in that we need a common strategy for the cultural dimension.
This report is on the proposal for a European Parliament and Council directive amending Directive 2000/25/EC as regards the provisions for tractors placed on the market under the flexibility scheme.
This report is on the proposal for a decision of Parliament and the Council on the mobilisation of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund (EGF), in accordance with point 28 of the Interinstitutional Agreement of 17 May 2006 between the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission on budgetary discipline and sound financial management.
This report is on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing transitional arrangements for bilateral investment agreements between Member States and third countries.
This report is on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council introducing emergency autonomous trade preferences for Pakistan.
This report is on the request to waive the privileges and immunity of our fellow Member, Mr Gollnisch, submitted to the European Parliament by the Prosecutor at the Court of Appeal of Lyon concerning the investigation carried out as a result of an action and claim for compensation brought, on 26 January 2009, by the International League against Racism and Anti-Semitism (LICRA) regarding the publication of a press release on the site of the Front National Group in the Rhône-Alpes Regional Council, of which Mr Gollnisch was president.
This report is on the waiver of the parliamentary immunity of our fellow Member, Mr Gollnisch, at the request of a French public prosecutor, so that a complaint alleging incitement to racial hatred can be investigated and so that, if appropriate, Mr Gollnisch can be tried before the French Court of First Instance, Appeal Court and Court of Cassation.
This report is part of the package of six pieces of legislation on economic governance and reveals the contradictions that exist in the European Union.
This report is perhaps one of the most important of this legislature. I had the opportunity to be the rapporteur for the Committee on Culture and Education and I believe that the agreement which has been reached, albeit far from perfect, is probably the best we could achieve in the current economic climate. I confidently voted for it and hope that it will send a clear message to the Council, which will take into account the European Parliament's position.
This report is thus intended to simplify and clarify EU law, which is spread over numerous pieces of legislation that have already been amended several times, making them difficult to understand.
This report looks at the progress that has been made towards a European global satellite navigation system, or Galileo, and looks at issues regarding the future governance of the initiative.
This report makes an exhaustive analysis of the budgetary situation of the eighth, ninth and tenth EDF, drawing attention to some important questions that urgently require the review and implementation of ex ante controls in the delegations and internal control systems of the partner countries, particularly with regard to public tender procedures.
This report may be accompanied by a legislative proposal.
This report notes that sound financial discipline and transparency in the allocation of funds are key preconditions for achieving cohesion policy's overall objectives, contributing towards increasing accountability as regards strategic objectives.
This report on 'The EU as a global actor: its role in multilateral organisations' presents an overview of the role of the EU. I voted in favour of this report as I agree with its vision and ambition for an EU that has a strong presence on the international stage.
This report on 'unlocking the potential of cultural and creative industries' (CCIs) is based on the European Commission Green Paper on the same topic and I voted for it, as it is official recognition of the economic and social importance of this sector.
This report on the mandate for the trialogue on the 2012 Draft Budget is of particular interest due to the economic times we are experiencing.
This report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Regulation (EC) No 1466/97 on the strengthening of the surveillance of budgetary positions and the surveillance and coordination of economic policies is part of an EU economic governance package.
This report once again shows how important it is for European development to promote the mobility of our young people in all fields.
This report particularly emphasises the need to maintain the predominant status of the cross-border pillar and to develop incentives to spur on large cross-border and transnational projects, such as the trans-European transport networks (TEN-T). These are recommendations that I fully agree with, and I would therefore like once again to praise the quality of this report, which has managed to garner broad cross-party support.
This report points to the paths to be followed as regards this Framework Programme for R&TD: it should be linked to the Europe 2020 strategy, but also to the Innovation Union initiative, and its main objective should be the areas of climate change, energy policy, competitiveness and population ageing.
This report presents a pragmatic approach to not wasting any more time on the adoption of the so-called Eurovignette III Directive on the levying of charges on heavy goods vehicles for the use of certain infrastructures.
This report proposes extending reversed qualified majority voting in order to fine Member States whose policies do not conform to Euro-liberal standards.
This report proposes support for the agreement between the European Union and the Republic of Croatia on the latter's participation in the work of the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction (EMCDDA).
This report proposes the amendment of Rule 51, after the Conference of Presidents had raised the problem relating to the limitations of the Rules of Procedure with regard to joint meetings of committees.
This report provides for a framework to be established in order that Parliament can undertake its obligations under the Lisbon Treaty in regard to international air agreements.
This report provides for the Member States to lodge interest-bearing deposits or pay fines, as part of the preventive and corrective parts of the Stability and Growth Pact.
This report puts forward very specific proposals in that respect and, Commissioner, we are counting on both the Commission and the competent national and regional authorities to pick up the gauntlet and start implementing this proposal.
This report recognises some important issues and evidence, like the fact that the financial sector should respond to the needs of the economy, contribute to sustainable growth and demonstrate greater social responsibility, as well as that 'during the recent financial crisis, many financial institutions around the world failed at great cost to the taxpayer'.
This report refers to extremely important issues regarding the rating sector, including the lack of competition, the oligopolistic structure and a lack of accountability and transparency, especially in the rating of government debt.
This report reiterates its opposition to pitting against each other the different policies that fall within EU competence and insists on the need to mobilise sufficient funds, consistent with the EU 2020 strategy.
This report relates to the proposal for a directive of Parliament and of the Council on indications or marks identifying the lot to which a foodstuff belongs, in a codified text.
This report relates to the proposal for a directive of Parliament and of the Council on the permissible sound level and the exhaust system of motor vehicles, in a codified text.
This report relates to the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on rear-mounted roll-over protection structures of narrow-track wheeled agricultural and forestry tractors, in a codified text.
This report relates to the proposal for a directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on the operating space, access to the driving position and the doors and windows of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors, in a codified text.
This report reminds us that, if the EU wishes to become a leader in the world in terms of social policy, it needs to safeguard cohesion between the social policies applied in its Member States.
This report repeats the European Commission's standard rhetoric on issues of lifelong learning and promotion of mobility at EU level, which are considered to be the best guarantee against unemployment, and the need for workers to improve their 'employability' and 'adaptability', so as to organise the supply of education and training.
This report responds to the needs of consumers and small and medium-sized enterprises, which, unlike other actors representing bigger economic entities, have obvious difficulties accessing the Internal Market because of the enormous costs they have to bear.
This report seeks to legitimise and consolidate a path that has gradually been forged on the backs of the people in an affront to their sovereignty: to national sovereignty and its legitimacy.
This report sends a clear message: the European Union must incorporate a consistent and coordinated cultural strategy into its foreign policy.
This report should therefore denounce all of these issues, but it falls short of what is required, and we hope that the Commission will go further tomorrow in consolidating its approach to these issues ...
This report signifies an important step against swindlers and in favour of the citizens and enterprises of the European Internal Market.
This report stresses that the FP7 for R&TD should be linked to the 'Europe 2020' strategy and to the 'Innovation Union' flagship initiative, and that it should focus, until its term expires, on the areas of climate change, energy policy, competitiveness and population ageing.
This report stresses the need to develop European-level cooperation in the field of vocational education and training to increase transparency and for ease of comparison between the various education systems.
This report successfully demonstrates the added value of European policies, particularly cohesion policy, when it comes to development and the modernisation of infrastructure and services in European cities.
This report takes a pragmatic approach in order to reconcile the numerous and varying wishes.
This report then sets out specific proposals with the aim of resolving the programme's weaknesses.
This report threfore indicates the need for an effective regime for freezing and disclosure of debtors' assets, as such I am voting for it.
This report tries to introduce some positive changes on tactical topics like crisis management, the fragmentation of the EU defence technological industrial base, and the ineffectiveness of the 24 EU security and defence missions around the world.
This report was shaped by consent, right from the start, in cooperation with members from every country and political group.
This report will be adopted despite the controversy in the working party of the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament on the amendment raising the nuclear issue, and the amendment of the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) removing the issue of additional permanent members of the United Nations (UN) Security Council.
This report will help even more in ensuring that we have a better picture of what is happening to the environment in Europe. I should like to emphasise three elements: firstly, we need precise information on the state of the environment in the Member States; secondly, we need a procedure for renewing that information every five years; and, thirdly, we need to carry out a joint progress evaluation of all environmental actions undertaken in the European Union.
This report will introduce tougher oversight of credit rating agencies by the new European Supervisory Authority on Securities and Markets (ESMA) this summer, which will prove an important tool in ensuring that the previous laissez-faire attitude to lending will not be able to continue in the wake of the financial crisis.
This report, by Mrs Sanchez-Schmid, addresses how the European Union can unlock the potential of cultural and creative industries (CCIs). This is a debate launched by the European Commission Green Paper at a time when the digital age is invading our lives and globalisation is becoming a challenge for the CCIs.
This report, by Mrs Wallis, concerns policy options for progress towards a European contract law for consumers and businesses. A correct option in terms of European contract law could benefit the Internal Market, small and medium-sized enterprises and consumers.
This report, drafted by Mr Casini, concerns the conclusion of an interinstitutional agreement between Parliament and the Commission on a common transparency register. I would like to highlight that Parliament was the first institution to analyse the phenomenon of pressure groups, having launched the register for lobbyists in 1996.
This report, drafted by Mr Mitchell, concerns Regulation (EC) No 1905/2006 establishing a financing instrument for development cooperation: lessons learned and perspectives for the future.
This report, drafted by Mrs Ford, is on the legislative proposal for amending Council Regulation (EC) No 1467/97 on speeding up and clarifying the implementation of the excessive deficit procedure, which is part of the economic governance package, adopted by the Commission on 29 September 2010, seeking to 'anchor macroeconomic stability and the sustainability of public finances' so as to make the EU more robust and sustainable.
This report, drafted by Mrs Goulard, is on the legislative proposal for amending Council Regulation (EC) No 1467/97, on budgetary surveillance in the euro area, which is part of the economic governance package, adopted by the Commission on 29 September 2010, seeking to 'anchor macroeconomic stability and the sustainability of public finances' so as to make the EU more robust and sustainable.
This report, drafted by Mrs Niebler, concerns the problem of 'guaranteeing independent impact assessments'. Impact assessments (IAs) are crucial in order for the decisions we make to be the right ones.
This report, drafted by Mrs Wortmann-Kool, is on a legislative proposal on economic governance, adopted by the Commission on 29 September 2010, on the surveillance of budgetary positions, and the surveillance and coordination of economic policies, which is part of the economic governance package, adopted by the Commission on 29 September 2010, seeking to 'anchor macroeconomic stability and the sustainability of public finances'. The strengthened framework for economic governance should promote growth and employment, with particular focus on developing and strengthening the single market, and on fostering international trade and competitiveness.
This report, drafted by Mrs Ţicău, concerns transport applications of navigation satellite systems for the EU, following the publication of the Commission's Action Plan on Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) Applications on 14 June 2010.
This report, drafted by our fellow Member, Mr Coelho, concerns the draft Council decision on the full application of the provisions of the Schengen acquis in the Republic of Bulgaria and Romania.
This report, for which I voted, advocates the need for Member States to create accounting systems that fully and consistently cover all sectors of public administration.
This report, in advance of the legislative proposal the Commission is preparing for the autumn, addresses these issues, calling for: a review of whether and how Member States use ratings for regulatory purposes in order to reduce the general over-reliance on them of the financial regulatory system; a detailed impact assessment and viability study on the costs, benefits and potential governance structure of a fully independent European Credit Rating Foundation; the exploration of establishing a truly independent European Credit Rating Agency; the establishment of a European Rating Index which incorporates all ratings of registered CRAs that are available on the market.
This report, like those concerning the rules applied to tractors, is aimed at undertaking the codification of Directive 80/720/EEC of 24 June 1980, which concerns the harmonisation of Member State legislation on the operating space, access to the driving position and the doors and windows of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors.
This report, which I fully support, does well to highlight the value of agriculture, from both a food and a rural development and land preservation point of view.
This report, which I voted for today, relates to specific Union legislation on the EU approval system for narrow-track wheeled agricultural and forestry tractors, establishing technical rules on roll-over protection structures mounted in front of the driver's seat on tractors.
This report, which I voted for, advocates the need for an Optional Instrument (OI) for European-level contract law in the form of a regulation.
This report, which I voted for, calls for closer involvement of Parliament's committees and a detailed explanation when the Commission refrains from issuing an IA. Finally, it challenges Parliament's committees to increase the use of IAs so as to improve the quality of its law making.
This report, which I voted for, follows the institutional agreement on the creation of a joint space for registering and exercising scrutiny over lobbyists and other interest groups in the Commission and Parliament. A common register between the various institutions will be created with the aim of contributing to greater transparency, and which will differentiate between interest groups representing civil society and public authorities.
This report, which has been drawn up by Mr Casini, is on the need to amend Parliament's Rules of Procedure following the establishment of a common transparency register between Parliament and the Commission.
This report, which is in five parts - headed respectively Security and foreign policy, Security and defence, External and internal security, Security through operations and Security in partnership - provides a clear vision of how the EU should pursue its common security and defence policy in order to become an autonomous strategic player and to act as a force for security and stability in Europe and the world.
This report, which was drafted by Mr Stavrakakis, is on the current situation and the need to assemble future synergies in order to increase efficiency between the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF) and the other Structural Funds.
This reports, and the others in the package, should have at least had the good sense to keep public investment separate from deficit calculations, in the name of job creation, which would be the main objective of any economic coordination that was mindful of Europeans' concerns.
This represents an essential starting point for dealing with climate change and environmental degradation, the universality and indivisibility of human rights, poverty reduction and development for all, the consequences of demographic change, migration and international organised crime.
This requires Parliament to be kept regularly informed, in order to ensure a concerted evaluation of the whole negotiation process, and so that it can express its opinions and priorities at the same time.
This requires an ability to take the lead on broadband and use of the Internet.
This requires an allocation of funds according to indicators other than GDP on its own and an increased percentage allocated to the European Social Fund.
This requires funds to be used more efficiently, and we have to be aware of Europe's competitive position and the struggle to attract tourists, talent, artists, business and students.
This requires separately allocated radio spectrum in order to guarantee troublefree connections.
This requires the European Union to respond flexibly and quickly not only in order to address the sudden changes in terms of requirements and priorities, but also to ensure consistency with the new international objectives due to be defined.
This resistance may be transferred from animals to humans, and thereby pose a risk to health, or complicate the treatment of some diseases.
This resolution aims to provide the European Parliament's perspective on the analysis of the Commission's 'Small Business Act'. As such, Parliament is using this resolution to express its support for the new proposals aiming to improve access to finance and the markets for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs); for the measures to continue the process of cutting bureaucracy through strengthened governance and monitoring; for smart regulation; and for measures such as the SME performance review.
This resolution appeals to the European Commission to continue on the path of greater consideration for the engines of prosperity and economic growth that are SMEs.
This resolution covers a range of important themes. I particularly support the reservations expressed by the European Parliament in relation to the possible negative impact on European agriculture.
This resolution on the EU-Russia Summit meeting envisages more ambitious trade relations, a new partnership and cooperation agreement and the liberalisation of the visa system, but Moscow has to provide guarantees with regard to improvements in the human rights situation in the country, and put an end to politically motivated judicial rulings, the lack of press freedom and the occupation of Georgian provinces.
This resolution raises a number of important issues, in line with our longstanding questions, criticisms and suggestions as regards fisheries partnership agreements; in particular, their serious lack of success with their development cooperation objectives.
This resolution recognises that antimicrobials, when used properly, are a useful tool to help farmers keep their livestock healthy and productive and to ensure the animals' well-being.
This resolution was adopted following the proposal by the Commission aimed at opening the negotiations on renewing the Fisheries Partnership Agreement between the European Union and Mauritania.
This resulted in huge direct and indirect damage; a large part of the population was displaced.
This reveals your real partisan bias.
This review must be based on a Neighbourhood Policy that is sensitive to the range of needs of poorer countries and no longer just to the interests of Europe. I firmly believe that EU development policy must be the result of work by both Parliament and the Council, and that Article 290 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union should also apply to this issue.
This revision is also a first step towards the reintroduction of fair competition between European road hauliers, since some Member States, such as France and Germany, already apply the 'polluter pays' principle and want the EU to extend it to all the others.
This revision will henceforth allow traffic to be managed better through increased charges in peak periods (not exceeding 175% over five hours), but also provides for a proportionate decrease in low peak charges to avoid penalising road haulage companies financially.
This same Council must accept that the 5% budget increase being proposed by the report is the minimum condition for achieving these targets.
This second tranche of the EU's macro-financial assistance - the first having been implemented back in 2009-2010 - is intended to help Georgia meet its external financing requirement and is subject to strict conditions.
This sector as a whole has experienced enormous expansion since the first provision of Global Positioning System (GPS) services from US satellite facilities in 2000.
This sector is working with increasingly scarce resources, receives increasingly low prices, and is faced with significant competition from third countries, which definitely distort the market. I therefore support any necessary measures that do not incur any cost to European budgets.
This semblance of competition has led the country into political apathy and devalued the Duma.
This shared management of borders is an essential safeguard allowing for the full exercise of one of the EU's fundamental freedoms: the free movement of persons within the Schengen area.
This should also include an investigation of guilt and punishment of the guilty, as far as this is still possible in any case, as is now happening in the case of Mladič, for example.
This should also naturally be applied in environmental law, and when reviewing the Environmental Impact Assessment Directive, we should focus on precisely this issue.
This should be done on the basis of cooperation between the Member States, mindful of the fact that the spectrum is a public good, which is important in outlining and improving a range of services for the public, including in areas of public services.
This should be the subject of serious consideration.
This should examine, in particular, consumer views with regard to the amount of information that should be supplied on the label of textile products, and investigate which means other than labelling may be used to provide additional information to consumers.
This should lead to a list of recommendations or standards for more formalised local involvement in future policy design and implementation.
This should not mean, however, that we overlook the national nature of fiscal regulations, which contain some considerable differences, especially between countries within and outside the euro area.
This should ring alarm bells ahead of the vote. I repeat, in the strongest possible terms, that it is nothing short of madness to sign off EUR 523 million of - let us remember - taxpayers' money, while the official auditing arm of the EU is investigating possible fraud and financial mismanagement at these agencies.
This should save companies whose products have been certified in one country having to go through the whole certification process in another.
This shows a truth, namely that in many situations the real 'goodies' are us, the 'baddies'. We who affirm the need to control immigration and external borders, continue to beg Europe - as Mr Cohn-Bendit has rightly done - to spread what might become 50 000 or 100 000 refugees across its territory, because the people who flee Libya are not criminals.
This signal could act as a guarantee against the risk of collapse of the euro area.
This simply does not stack up; surely one thing we have learned in the crisis is that we are very interconnected.
This situation could undermine the national policy initiatives on environmental, social or fiscal legislation.
This situation is the reason why I voted for the resolution. I support the aim of the convention to take steps towards legal recognition of domestic work as a professional activity, extending rights to all domestic workers in order to prevent violations and abuse, and in order to establish a legal framework that guarantees that work cannot take place outside a regulated setting.
This situation is unfortunate, since we had made a lot of progress over recent months on the issues in the novel foods proposals.
This situation led the Commission, through its Communication of 4 March 2009, to introduce a genuine programme of reforms of the financial markets' regulatory frameworks and supervisory regimes.
This situation may result in a very serious economic and social crisis in Ukraine. I would like to make it clear that the European Union has obligations towards Ukraine, given that we are currently successfully negotiating the country's entry into a free trade area or the creation of such an area, and will, in the near future, engage in relations with it as an ally of the European Union. I would call on the Commission to demand quite plainly that Russia ceases all such practices and puts a stop to them.
This situation must be borne in mind, and we must anticipate that the freeing up of frequencies will only be possible when countries such as Russia and Belarus also do so. Member States must not be placed in the forefront of the European Union's ambitions without regard to the facts on the ground.
This situation must be fought determinedly.
This situation runs counter to the territorial cohesion objective whereby Member States are developed in a balanced manner from a geographical perspective, which is an objective stipulated in the Treaty of Lisbon.
This situation, where we have no influence over the safety of nuclear power stations, cannot continue.
This solidarity can take different forms by assisting, for instance, where the external border is under pressure.
This sort of confusion is possible precisely because there is no comprehensive research.
This sort of reform and change to the selection process would correspond to the reform of the IMF, which would also correspond to the changes in global economic relations and would give the developing countries a chance to bring their experience with the IMF to bear in the further development of the IMF.
This specifically applies to the issue of governance, to what we are going to do in terms of shareholder liability - we are working from a long-term perspective - and to what we want to do, as I was saying earlier to Mrs Ferreira, with regard to bank resolution.
This split does not provide value for money to EU taxpayers, nor does it serve our foreign policy interests.
This step, albeit a small one, is going in the right direction, and I support it. Mr Dess's report also takes into account the problem relating to livestock farmers in the countries applying the Single Area Payment Scheme (SAPS), the majority of whom do not own the land and, therefore, do not receive direct payments. I hope that the Commission will consider this issue and suggest a solution to it. During the vote I also expressed support for small agricultural producers, as well as the provision of cheaper fuel and lower excise taxes for agricultural producers.
This strategic reporting exercise represents a new feature of cohesion policy.
This strategy will adopt a holistic approach and will contain concrete proposals for further action to address the issue of AMR in relation to public and animal health.
This study is to form the basis for how consumers, via the labelling, can obtain 'accurate information on the country of origin and additional information ensuring full traceability of textile products'. I hope that this basis will translate into a sensible and useable piece of legislation. 2013 is still a long way off, so I am pleased that the Commissioner wishes to bring forward the date for legislation that will provide full information for consumers.
This substantial reduction in resources is not, in fact, a valid choice for those who believe in a truly competitive Europe, and the countries pursuing it should clearly specify which priority projects will have to be abandoned in order to allow for these cuts.
This sum must be allocated as a matter of priority to projects put forward by SMEs and industry in general, particularly in the areas of energy provision, sustainable development and the fight against climate change.
This support was confirmed by the vote in the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs in November last year.
This system aims to ensure that serious infringements are dealt with in the same way, with deterrent fines of a minimum of five times the market value of the illegally caught fish.
This system must then be extended to the entire European continent as well as to Euro-Mediterranean Partnership countries and also to the Middle East and Africa.
This system needs to be changed, and it was for this reason that I did not support the Muñiz De Urquiza report. I believe that it identifies key conditions which the EU and the Member States should meet in order to be able to perform better the tasks enshrined in the Treaty of Lisbon.
This system will contribute to better information on the identity of the products, and will also help to develop international trade.
This takes its toll on the nerves, takes time and costs money.
This tax would make it possible to raise between EUR 200 billion and EUR 300 billion.
This text basically calls for a single strategic framework to be proposed, in time for the next financing period after 2013, to ensure a common approach and to capitalise on synergies between all actions which serve on the ground to further cohesion policy objectives as defined by the Treaties and are funded by the ERDF, the Cohesion Fund, the ESF, the EAFRD and the EFF; Furthermore, it points out that the goal of cohesion policy should be sustainable, smart and inclusive economic growth evenly spread both territorially and socially, reduction of development disparities between regions, job creation, improved quality of life, worker training for new jobs, including in the field of sustainable economy, social and territorial cohesion and the implementation of the European social model, which constitutes a factor of cohesion and competitiveness of the European economy;
This throng of Europeans continues to maintain, largely through national budgets, 2 000 embassies, 27 armies, 50 joint forces and more. I believe China is currently employing extra deputy ministers just to receive all the mighty European ministers who arrive to petition Beijing for favours and bilateral agreements.
This too must be said, and I cannot help but think of the example of Latvia here: a few years ago, it was on the verge of bankruptcy, and thanks to a courageous recovery policy led by the country's twice-elected Prime Minister, Valdis Dombrovskis, it has restored a balanced situation.
This trade policy and the agreements giving it concrete expression are increasingly lacking in democratic legitimacy.
This transition must take place without time spent waiting around.
This transparency register may be just a small victory, however it can be seen as a move in the same direction as Washington D.C., where the Lobbying Act on Disclosure has existed for some time.
This type of practice has been the subject of complaints made to the European Parliament by businesses.
This type of support is illogical and prejudicial, as some people in Europe, in particular those working in the textiles industry in several of the southern countries, will end up paying for support for Pakistan that we should all be paying for collectively.
This unequivocal warning should condition all present agreements and should be included in all future agreements with Middle East governments.
This unfortunately means that next year's budget cannot be quite as large as the Commission thinks it ought to be. At the same time, I believe that, in turn, the Council needs to realise that we cannot manage with so-called zero growth either, but that we need some new resources for the priorities that we have agreed on. A happy medium needs to be found here, and, in our group at least, we believe that it can only be found if everyone takes responsibility.
This unjust decision will affect hundreds of thousands of the Timişoara team's fans.
This very transparency is needed to address the outstanding problems that have been pointed out, as although these are not an obstacle to the two countries' full membership of Schengen, they should be subject to monitoring by the evaluation committee so as to verify that the recommendations have been acted upon, along with any changes that are still ongoing.
This view prevails across the groups of the European Parliament, as is borne out by the fact that no amendments have been submitted for the report.
This voice, through you, speaks clearly.
This vote also provided an opportunity to revive the debate on where the seat of the European Parliament should be. However, this situation is linked to a historical background and to legal statutes that cannot be challenged on the basis of often mistaken attacks concerning the costs or problems associated with the dispersal of the European Parliament's premises.
This vote is the fruit of two years of discussions with consumer and professional associations, and it is, in particular, a major victory for the European Parliament which remained united around this issue.
This vote is therefore a call for improved coordination between all institutions: the European External Action Service, the European Commission, the Member States and, of course, the European Parliament.
This vote sends a clear and strong message to the Commissioner for Agriculture and Rural Development, Dacian Cioloş. Although EU agricultural policy aims to provide safe, high-quality food products and contributes to the protection of the environment and to renewable energies, it must be adequately financed so as to encourage farmers to use modern, environmentally sound techniques.
This was a crucial point indeed.
This was a point that Mr Papastamkos was making about the difference between provincial and federal regulations.
This was agreed on by representatives of trade unions, civic bodies and Christian groups and churches, which founded the European Sunday Alliance this week in Brussels. A free Sunday is important from the perspective of decent employment conditions, but it also creates an opportunity to build up family relationships, particularly between parents and children. I am pleased that I was present at the birth of this initiative, just like the two civic associations from Slovakia - the Large Families Club and the Alliance for Sunday.
This was because the proposal does not set priorities for important and less important expenditure, which we consider to be necessary.
This was difficult to do with regard to the old agreements, however, and I have therefore retained the compromises that we proposed in committee, as the vote was very even. I still hope that we have a more up-to-date view of the investment agreements than was the case with many of these old agreements, where we were the ones who invested in other countries.
This was followed, in 2008, by a Commission proposal which we have since been working on for three years.
This was often very unsatisfactory from the perspective of the citizens.
This was prompted by an answer given by the Commissioner in her hearing, when she pointed out that one particular strain of salmonella was being researched by 40 different institutes - a clear case of a lack of joined-up thinking, and a waste of money.
This was the Fundación Alternativas, which provided a good foundation for me, as well as the shadow rapporteurs and the secretariat, in our work to produce this report. I hope the report will prove useful in politically determining and stimulating the redefinition of the European Union's role in international organisations.
This was the case after the new Member States were accepted into the EU. Germany, which feared an influx of migrants, applied transitional periods and is only now opening up its borders to workers from Poland.
This was the reason for establishing the special committee on the policy challenges and budgetary resources for a sustainable European Union after 2013 (SURE), which defines in its report the political priorities of the European Parliament ahead of the start of talks on the next MFF following 2013.
This was therefore an opportunity for Parliament to give new impetus and vitality to a procedure that is not always taken seriously.
This waste contains lead, cadmium, barium, mercury, brominated flame retardants and other chemicals and plastics that become hazardous when burned.
This week marks the 26th anniversary of the Schengen Agreement, one of the EU's greatest achievements, which must be defended, as must freedom of movement, which is a fundamental right for European Union citizens.
This week's Council will not produce a single ray of hope for hardworking people, for the unemployed or the young people who are hurting so much.
This week, representatives from the International Fund for Ireland and the Programme for Peace and Reconciliation were here in the European Parliament to speak to the Regional Development Committee on the importance of the support of Parliament and the Union for this programme. I believe strongly that the European Union and the other international partners should think hard about the issue and make the decision to continue with this worthwhile and effective programme.
This week, we are celebrating Europe Day, when we remember the Schuman Declaration, which spoke of a Europe which 'will be built through concrete achievements which first create a de facto solidarity'. At the moment, it is this solidarity that is missing, especially in the expression of a strong shared political will by all the Member States, which would not only give greater protection to our borders, but also make our economy more credible.
This welcomes the fact that the Court of Auditors has managed to produce, every year, more and better special reports; regrets the fact that, unfortunately, they do not always get the political attention they deserve because of the rules applicable in Parliament; points out that those special reports are of great importance when reflecting on and changing and/or adapting programmes and projects, because they can result in a more efficient use of human and budgetary resources; and appreciates the positive attitude of the Commission to those processes and its willingness to take prompt action to remedy most of the shortcomings noted by the Court of Auditors in those reports.
This whole affair has been managed by the Agency's Management Board in an extremely casual way, which makes it impossible to build trust.
This whole affair must force us to take a very rigorous approach to European public health problems and make us see that it is vital to work with researchers and the pharmaceutical industry in order to respond effectively to such a situation and also to give ourselves the means to do so.
This will allow the market to operate at its optimum and consumers will show increased confidence in financial institutions and transactions.
This will allow us not only to define the quality of life more accurately, but these indicators will also provide a more reliable knowledge base, which will contribute to a better analysis of the policies in different areas.
This will also continue in the coming years.
This will also set an example to those Member States that have yet to take such a step. I believe that the transparency register will also contribute towards the greater credibility of the political environment.
This will be a step forward towards greater transparency in the European institutions, and I hope it will contribute to giving the European project greater legitimacy among Europe's citizens.
This will be an opportunity to discuss the objectives of this policy once again, and to examine expectations with regard to promotion and quality of products and dissemination of information in this context.
This will be done both through strengthening the Frontex border agency and through an evaluation mechanism whereby national border agencies will work jointly on assessing threats.
This will be done within the existing funds.
This will be made possible in particular by expanding online administration and the one-stop shop in line with the recommendations made in the review.
This will be of great help for the months to come, when the European Union will introduce a new cohesion policy from 2013 that will have to remedy the shortcomings of the current policy.
This will certainly help us face the new global challenges. I voted in favour.
This will contribute to reaching well thought-out and fully informed decisions, which should lead to better-quality legislation, to more correct transposition, application and oversight, and to a faster legislative process.
This will contribute to the objectives that the Union has set itself, including that of bridging the digital divide, so as to ensure that all Europeans have broadband access by 2015.
This will discriminate against Czech farmers, for example, or will oblige them to break up farms artificially into smaller units in order to get a subsidy. I personally favour the development of small farms, but this is a measure that will reduce the competitiveness of European farmers in some countries.
This will enable consumers to enjoy better protection under the umbrella of European contract law, and better security when they make cross-border transfers.
This will enable the European Parliament to assess more effectively its performance from one year to the next. I believe that the ex-post assessment exercise of the Foundation's 2005-2008 work programme is extremely useful for the Foundation.
This will enable the safeguarding of consumers and of the proper functioning of the single market, pursuant to Article 26(2) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union: 'The internal market shall comprise an area without internal frontiers in which the free movement of goods, persons, services and capital is ensured'.
This will enable us to achieve greater efficiency and higher European added value from FP7 funding.
This will enable us to facilitate more active economic, social and cultural involvement from young people in European Union agriculture.
This will encourage European competitiveness and help to overcome infrastructural disparities between the old and new Member States. I also believe that research and technological development must become more accessible to ordinary Europeans.
This will ensure consistency between the methodologies applied by the banks as well as a convergence - an appropriate one, I think - of the ways in which the macroeconomic scenarios are retranscribed into parameters of respective risks.
This will entail, not only resources being made available from these funds, but also specific conditions entailing a reduction in cofinancing: in other words, reduced national contributions to funding that creates jobs and is intended as productive investment.
This will facilitate access to the most efficient channels for collecting and delivering cash and providing cash services.
This will give greater peace of mind to online shoppers. "The Greens welcome the greater protection for consumers buying digital content.
This will have to be financed by the net contributors, in other words, the hard-working citizens of Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands and Austria, from their national budgets; the first painful cuts are already being felt in these countries.
This will help establish a simpler contribution from Member States to the shared costs of European military operations.
This will help reinforce their sense of belonging and of making an active contribution to a youth strategy.
This will help to alter the current absurd and unfair situation, where the amount of support can differ by up to a factor of as much as six, thereby putting farmers from several Member States in unequal circumstances and distorting competition between European farmers. I should like to emphasise that the transition period must be as short as possible, and I consider that for those Member States whose farmers receive the smallest direct payments, the equalisation process must begin as early as 2014. A transition period that lasted up to as late as 2020 would mean that a whole generation of farmers would continue to be forced to work in circumstances of unfair competition.
This will hopefully be the case, but we should not start applauding yet.
This will impede the candidates of subsequent elections to promise changes concerning these matters, and will impede the voters in free election.
This will increase and not reduce the amount of administrative work and the result will be that expensive, new, decentralised agencies will be established.
This will increase transparency and provide more comprehensive information on individuals or organisations who contact Members of the European Parliament about certain issues or with certain proposals. I believe that we should continue talks with the Council, so that it joins the transparency register and this register becomes a common register for all three institutions.
This will involve promoting forums where financial players and students with innovative ideas can interact.
This will make it easier for us to ensure that the Council does not water down the export restrictions at the end of the procedure.
This will mean one little box per goods vehicle to cross the whole of Europe, rather than 25 or 26. That is cast in stone in the legislation.
This will not be solved overnight, and I commend the Commissioner (I am talking about judicial training) for ensuring that we fix the issue of trivial cases dominating and creating a credibility problem for the European Arrest Warrant.
This will not happen on its own, of course. A change of mindset is required - a changing of the concept of society and of how we need to get to work in politics and in business and industry.
This will permit systematic monitoring of Member States' progress in dismantling barriers.
This will protect consumers from the risk of inadvertently purchasing real fur products, for example, and will provide greater protection for those suffering from allergies.
This will provide consumers with more comprehensive and truthful information than under current legislation on origin marking and avoid them being misled.
This will strengthen the spirit of good neighbourliness between the parties, in this particularly sensitive region of the Balkans.
This will ultimately enable us to find out what this policy could achieve with the targeted use of financial resources in all the individual regions by the end of the period and could therefore contribute to the central objectives of Europe 2020.
This work has actually enabled us to go through all parts of the EU budget and the various policy areas that we would like to see reflected in the budget.
This would afford small farmers greater stability and would enable them to draw up investment plans over a broader time horizon without concern for the disruption that could be caused by short-term quick-fix policies and give them the support they need to safeguard their business.
This would also not be in accordance with the model we are advocating in our trade agreements in general.
This would avoid many of the difficulties encountered with other trade agreements because we were not consulted. I would welcome such a procedure for all future trade agreements.
This would be achieved by progressive approximation of the two sets of requirements and regulatory processes, and by regular consultations between the parties to verify the continued fitness and ability of the regulatory bodies involved in implementing the Agreement.
This would be achieved by progressive approximation of the two sets of requirements and regulatory processes, by regular consultations between the parties to verify the continued fitness and ability of the regulatory bodies involved in the implementation of the Agreement, and by establishing a joint committee which would propose solutions to any problem arising from its implementation.
This would be an important step towards transcending past European divisions and showcasing the new Europe by awarding the title of European Capital of Culture to a city which was the scene of such tragic events in the course of the 20th century.
This would be the sign of a strong and united European response to the crisis.
This would benefit European citizens in two ways - easing access to modern means of communication and telecom networks would reduce the exclusion of EU citizens which still exists, particularly for those living in rural and peripheral areas, and would promote the EU economy more actively, because there would be stronger conditions for developing an innovative services sector and knowledge economy.
This would benefit both old and young, students and workers. I call on the Commission to present a detailed proposal on how this mobility scoreboard will be operated, and I hope it will do so as soon as possible.
This would ensure an equitable division of efforts and prevent the development of a two-speed Europe, which would disrupt the cohesion and governance of the EU. This is essential if Europe wants to remain at the highest level of the global economy.
This would facilitate the EU's giving of British taxpayer's money with fewer obstacles to recipients across the EU. It would also result in these moneys not being returned to the British exchequer from the EU budget when they are unused.
This would have a highly counterproductive impact on the future of the EU and would make it difficult to agree on a common European approach or attitude to important issues, as the crisis in Libya has demonstrated.
This would have given an incentive to rebuild the textile industry by demonstrating there was a market for their products.
This would help our SMEs to draw the full benefits of the Single Market by allowing them to carry out their cross-border activities without requiring them to fulfil obligations which are often onerous and discouraging. I therefore call on the Council to give its opinion on this initiative quickly.
This would include improving investment conditions and development of the internal market, while also taking into account the specific priorities and needs of the Member States.
This would mean acknowledging that the way the system is organised strongly influences the decisions of the financial companies' directors, whatever the levels of transparency required of them.
This would offer an alternative source to that provided by the Nabucco project.
This would promote data collection and benchmarking in all European Union Member States, because data collection is particularly important for observing progress and measuring outcomes. I would like to point out that there is a particular lack of information on children from families with social problems, on children with special needs and disadvantaged children.
This would provide a clear statement that this cannot be a national issue, but must be a European issue, the aim being to ensure the safety of European citizens.
This would serve to create a better balance between regions.
This would take the pressure off the EU budget and the Member States will be better able to respond to the specific character of their agricultural sector.
This year will be crucial for the Fund's future, because the Commission intends to make a proposal on the rules governing the fund and the way it will function in the next programming period.
This year, 2011, the main activity is to further develop the approach, including a public stakeholder consultation with results to be made available by the end of this month, May 2011.
This year, although the proposal is similar to previous years' in that it concerns the postponement of the discharge, we have unquestionably achieved progress as regards the Council discharge procedure, therefore I thank and congratulate the Hungarian Presidency of the European Council.
This year, the mandate for the budget is even more important than it might have been in previous years, given that in 2012 we are going to be negotiating the next financial perspective.
This year, together with the vast majority of Members of the European Parliament, I refused to grant the Council of Ministers discharge in respect of its activity in the 2009 financial year.
This year, together with the vast majority of Members of the European Parliament, I refused to grant the European Medicines Agency discharge in respect of its activity in the 2009 financial year This is because the independence of experts recruited to perform scientific assessments on medicines for human use has not been properly guaranteed.
This, coupled with the 25th anniversary of the Chernobyl nuclear disaster, which struck Ukraine on 26 April 1986, is a reminder to European leaders of their responsibility regarding nuclear safety in Europe.
This, however, can happen only in cases where responsibility for the matter cannot be split between several committees, and the matter is one of major importance.
This, therefore, is why I recommended Article 192 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union and Articles 31 and 32 of the Euratom Treaty as the proper legal basis for this directive.
Those EUR 2 500 million should be used to redress, in so far as is possible, the damage that has been caused.
Those Member States more directly affected by these developments are receiving contributions of funding, equipment and technical expertise; for example the Commission announced earlier that approximately EUR 25 million from emergency funds could be made available for Member States such as Italy and Malta.
Those Member States most exposed to migratory pressures and located at the external borders of the EU must receive adequate financial compensation for the tasks they are carrying out in the interests of the Schengen area as a whole - this by fair burden-sharing in order to support those Member States affected by large inflows of persons in need of international protection.
Those Member States that have asked for the revision of the Schengen system have also underlined that they were proposing this with the intention of preserving the free movement of our citizens, which is one of the cornerstones of the Union.
Those Member States which, like my own, are cutting resources for education and research at a time of crisis must know that they are hurting young people, and hurting the future of Europe.
Those are the basic reasons why I cannot possibly support this report.
Those are the technical responses that I wanted to provide, in as precise a manner as possible, to the three extremely relevant questions that were asked at the beginning of this debate.
Those conditions are most certainly linked to the modernisation of school education systems.
Those in power in Hungary have just used the two-thirds majority for exactly the opposite purpose: to exclude the opposition, ensuring that the constitution is extremely controversial in their society.
Those nuclear plants that are now intended to be built on the EU's eastern borders belong to that exact category as their technology has not been experimented with before in more distant places.
Those offspring are bred from clones who have suffered to be born.
Those technical prescriptions concern the approximation of the laws of the Member States to enable the EC type-approval procedure provided for in Directive 2003/37/EC to be applied in respect of each type of tractor.
Those technical prescriptions concern the approximation of the laws of the States to enable the EC type-approval procedure provided for in Directive 2003/37/EC to be applied in respect of each type of tractor.
Those weaknesses, which stem fundamentally from two basic and essential premises, can and, naturally, must be corrected.
Those who do more, those who show that they deserve more, will receive more.
Those who eschew the red tape mostly then pay their staff cash, thereby contributing - sometimes inadvertently - to illegal employment.
Those who merely skim over the forms and sign them without thinking and without close examination can be unpleasantly surprised how dearly it will cost them.
Those who question it need to ask themselves whether they would be satisfied with criminals spending years beyond the reach of the courts and beyond the reach of justice, because traditional extradition takes too long and has too much red tape.
Those who steer clear of rush hours and traffic jams will pay less and those who drive clean and quiet goods vehicles will enjoy lower costs. I hope that these incentives will mean that, in future, traffic jams will be avoided and goods vehicle fleets will be renewed.
Those who today are raising artificial arguments against Bulgaria and Romania joining the Schengen area will have on their conscience responsibility for the destruction of the political project which is the European Union, and they will never now escape that responsibility.
Those who want to lobby must enrol themselves in the register. I cannot understand what 'obligatory' means: it cannot mean that all companies, all enterprises or all citizens must be entered in this register.
Those who wish to represent their interests are free to have access to our premises but they must be listed in the Register, where all information needed to identify their legal and financial status will be recorded.
Those with whom we have been working together on a daily basis will know that since day one I have been working with them and the Council to achieve a joint common European asylum system.
Those young people's eyes were shining, they were full of enthusiasm and they and others believed that they were capable of achieving something.
Though, at the time, I wrote a rather stringent report, I have to thank Mr Welle because he and his administration have, very diligently, correctly answered all the questions I had put to them and put a great deal of effort into this work. I believe that, eventually, the tension that may have existed between us has led to a better result and probably to a better European Parliament budget.
Thought should be given to whether the EU should take on greater responsibility and play a more effective role in achieving joint objectives (engaging in joint dialogue, deciding on and coordinating joint measures, etc.) under the agreement between the EU and the OSCE.
Thousands of jobless families are wondering why - and they need an answer - and, in particular, they want to know what the future holds for them, not just in Andalusia, but throughout European agriculture.
Three categories of agreement are presented which cover different objectives, namely, horizontal agreements, comprehensive agreements and safety agreements.
Three exercises co-financed with funds from our financial instrument for civil protection had a radiological component, namely TORCH, which dealt with an accident resulting in mass fatalities and its simulation, CREMEX, which involved a mass contamination in the form of a dirty bomb, and SISMICAEX, implemented one year ago, which dealt with a nuclear accident caused by an earthquake.
Three issues can explain this figure: the fact that many students are not even aware that these opportunities for studying abroad exist, the cost of an Erasmus year for a student's budget and the complexity of recognising achievements.
Three of our six amendments were adopted: the one calling for separate budget lines on common security and defence policy missions, the one calling on the Council and the Vice-President of the Commission/High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy to overcome the imbalance between civilian and military planning capabilities, and the one on the urgency of addressing water management issues in Central Asia.
Three of the main opposition parties, however, have rejected this road map, because it would allow Rajoelina to continue in power until the next elections.
Three thousand four hundred defenceless men and women, surrounded by tanks, are looking to us, trusting that our actions will match up to our values.
Through our resolution, we support the ambition displayed by the ILO.
Through the amendments tabled, we have called for education and vocational training plans to maintain and develop the expertise and skills required for spent fuel and radioactive waste management. I think that a well-trained workforce and the provision of suitable working conditions help enhance nuclear safety. I do not support the ban on exporting radioactive waste, but I call for all the specific contracts signed between Member States and third countries to comply with Recommendation 2008/956/Euratom on criteria for the export of radioactive waste and spent fuel to third countries.
Through the facility provided by the international instrument relating to port state measures, the parties will deny entry to their ports if they have sufficient proof that the ship intending to enter has been involved in IUU fishing or related activities.
Through the recognition of the principle of internalising external costs, the partial earmarking of funding for the transport infrastructure and the incentives provided for fleet renewal, we have succeeded in realising important objectives from the Transport White Paper. I also believe that we must not overlook the obligations for transparency, which ultimately must also apply to the Council.
Through the report adopted today, the European Union has committed itself to taking a world-leading role on social policy by promoting its objectives on a global scale, thereby underlining the importance of the role attributed to Parliament by the Treaty of Lisbon.
Through these negotiations I have tried to be constructive in allowing euro zone Member States in particular to set up what rules and sanctions they see necessary to underpin their stability. I have not supported colleagues who think the solution is just a stronger role for the European Parliament.
Through this MFA, the European Union is forcing Georgia to carry on implementing the plan regardless.
Through this vote, we are clearly committing ourselves to a greater recognition of the cultural sector by emphasising that its potential remains great because it always copes with legal or economic obstacles.
Through today's report Parliament postpones its decision on granting the Secretary-General of the Council discharge in respect of the implementation of the Council budget for the financial year 2009.
Through today's resolution Parliament grants discharge to the Director of the European Joint Undertaking for ITER and the Development of Fusion Energy for the implementation of the Joint Undertaking's budget for the financial year 2009.
Through today's resolution Parliament grants the Director of the European Agency for Safety and Health at Work discharge in respect of the implementation of the Agency's budget for the financial year 2009.
Through today's resolution Parliament grants the Director of the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control discharge in respect of the implementation of the Centre's budget for the financial year 2009.
Through today's resolution Parliament grants the Director of the European Foundation for the Improvement of Living and Working Conditions discharge in respect of the implementation of the Foundation's budget for the financial year 2009.
Through today's resolution Parliament grants the Director of the European Maritime Safety Agency discharge in respect of the implementation of the Agency's budget for the financial year 2009.
Through today's resolution Parliament grants the Director-General of the Euratom Supply Agency discharge in respect of the implementation of the Agency's budget for the financial year 2009.
Through today's resolution Parliament grants the Executive Director of the European Chemicals Agency discharge in respect of the implementation of the Agency's budget for the financial year 2009.
Through today's resolution Parliament grants the Executive Director of the European Food Safety Authority discharge in respect of the implementation of the Authority's budget for the financial year 2009.
Through today's resolution Parliament grants the Executive Director of the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction discharge in respect of the implementation of the Centre's budget for the financial year 2009.
Through today's resolution Parliament grants the Executive Director of the European Network and Information Security Agency discharge in respect of the implementation of the Agency's budget for the financial year 2009.
Through today's resolution Parliament grants the Executive Director of the SESAR Joint Undertaking discharge in respect of the implementation of its budget for the financial year 2009.
Through today's resolution Parliament has granted the Director of the European Railway Agency discharge in respect of the implementation of the Agency's budget for the financial year 2009.
Through today's resolution, Parliament grants the Executive Director of the European Aviation Safety Agency discharge in respect of the implementation of the Agency's budget for the financial year 2009.
Through today's vote Parliament has granted the Executive Director of the European GNSS Supervisory Authority discharge in respect of the implementation of the Authority's budget for the financial year 2009. I voted in favour on the basis of the evaluations and reports completed by the Court of Auditors and the Committee for Budgetary Control, which declared that they have obtained reasonable assurances that the annual accounts for the financial year 2009 are reliable and that the underlying transactions are legal and regular.
Through today's vote, we will underline the need for a separate development cooperation instrument that specifically and exclusively targets developing countries and expressly pursues the objectives laid down in Article 208 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU). To conclude, Mr President, we are asking, in particular, for the delegated acts procedure to be used when taking decisions on general objectives, priority areas and expected results, as well as the allocation of funds which fulfil the criteria of Article 290 of the TFEU.
Throughout the conciliation proceedings, I had warned that the stubborn refusal to compromise would lead to disaster and eventually it did.
Throughout the legislative process, we have suggested sensible and balanced amendments to the Commission's proposals, we have proposed firmly connecting national reform and stability and growth programmes using the first as a solid vehicle for the necessary promotion of public investment We made proposals to maintain sensible levels of productive public investment and we have proposed making the new rules clearly anti-cyclical. I could go on, but the reality is that today's economic and social agenda has been hijacked by the right.
Throughout the world, and in poor countries in particular, domestic services are among the lowest paid jobs.
Thus are the interests of Greek workers and the interests of European taxpayers alike sacrificed to the ambitions of a small number of the gilded princelings of the eurocracy.
Thus we have decided not to defend the immunity.
Thus, I wanted to explore many lines of action to support the growth of these industries.
Thus, Parliament had to await the adoption of the Szájer report on comitology in March in order to proceed further.
Thus, a debt restructuring in Greece would have major consequences on the soundness of the banking sector in Greece, as well as on any banks having exposure to Greek securities.
Thus, all in all, I would like to thank the shadow rapporteurs and also Eurostat, which will subsequently have to carry out the work. I hope that the necessary resources will be available in Luxembourg, because without funds, without resources, this balance sheet cannot, of course, be produced.
Thus, all of this can only supplement GDP figures. GDP must be at the centre of our analyses, as agreed in the Rosbach report. I believe that this should also apply here. I should like to emphasise that yet again.
Thus, consumers still have no way of knowing, whether, for example, the milk they are drinking comes from cloned animals.
Thus, finance ministries will allocate the funds as they see fit according to the interests of their countries, within the wide sphere of infrastructures.
Thus, for example, their delayed reaction to the financial crisis of the 1930s was roundly criticised.
Thus, in paragraph 4, there is room for possible extra-territorial impacts of this constitution.
Thus, inland shipping is not the only user of river water, something that is abundantly clear during these days of extreme drought.
Thus, it is wholly unclear when science is to intervene, when disease control measures are to be announced, and when political action is to be taken.
Thus, online purchases will finally become subject to clear regulations: the trader must provide the purchaser with full information about the cost and the characteristics of the good as well as providing him or her with a point of contact. 'Traditional' purchases will also be better protected: all European consumers will benefit from a 14-day withdrawal period, which can be extended if they have not received certain essential information.
Thus, the Digital Agenda, the digital economy and this, the first policy programme for five years, which have just been adopted, are vital for the development of the Internal Market.
Thus, the European Commission, despite being represented within the management boards, reminds us, on the subject of the accounting errors made by the European Police College (CEPOL), that an agency is 'an entity with its own legal personality and has a fully administrative autonomy, which includes financial autonomy.' Yet the management board sometimes delegates sole administrative responsibility to the Executive Director.
Thus, the agreement will not lead to the introduction of mandatory origin labelling. I will be unable to vote in favour of a regulation that makes it mandatory for businesses to provide this country of origin label. I know that the Council is of the same opinion.
Thus, the aim of carefully applying antimicrobial treatment and implementing comprehensive monitoring in order to better coordinate sources of human and veterinary research is very important for guaranteeing human health and animal welfare.
Thus, the central question is: are any serious lessons being learned from the banking crisis? It is not simply the case that the banks are responsible for what happened in the past, but also for present difficulties, because the markets are still not operating correctly.
Thus, the key task of the EU's economic policy now is to contain the sovereign debt crisis and thus protect the ongoing recovery in the real economy of Europe.
Thus, the things that this money should actually be used for are the likes of improved infrastructure and research into cleaner goods vehicles.
Thus, this document should also address the issue of the implementation and safeguarding of EU foreign policy and instruments.
Thus, to end my speech, I fervently express my wish for a strong, majority-endorsed message to be sent from this House to the Council.
Thus, we must find means of developing an appropriate and effective tool to complement GDP, which could be applied in a practical way, using clearly defined indicators and relying on high-quality data.
Thus, we need an agricultural policy which ensures efficient action against extreme price volatility and speculation.
Thus, we propose a new package for this fund which strengthens equal opportunities between all our European territories, regardless of their past in economic terms, regardless of their handicaps when compared with more developed regions and regardless of how vulnerable they may be to the economic crisis that we are experiencing at present or any crisis that we may have to face in the future.
Thus, we want to improve the legislative process, and if you were not in the Union, you would have to use the same system, otherwise your data would be worthless.
Thus, what we need is openness to reform and political courage.
Time and again, we face the problem that when we make enquiries to the Commission while matters are in progress, we get the answer: 'We assume that Member State X is implementing and applying the existing directives and regulations of the European Union appropriately.
Time is not our friend in this and, at the end of the day, if we want to have a solution and if we are backing the number one position called for by Mr Hökmark, then we need to go as quickly as possible in that direction.
To Mr Verhofstadt, I have to say this.
To achieve all that, however, we must show a sense of responsibility at voting time tomorrow; we must necessarily vote responsibly and choose our partners very well.
To achieve the goals indicated, there is a need for further, more effective and especially simpler instruments for farmers, together with easier access to funding and less red tape.
To achieve these results, however, our efforts need to be fully in line with labour market recovery plans and social protection policies, the cornerstone of a new sustainable growth model.
To achieve this it is necessary to use rural development instruments, to support promising and dynamic development of rural communities and to further develop the implementation of the LEADER method.
To achieve this, however, we will need 1 million additional researchers at a time when many of them are attracted at the moment by non-European countries where there are mechanisms to remove the bottlenecks preventing ideas from reaching the market.
To achieve this, it must focus on inequalities, especially within urban areas, which are particularly affected by new challenges - social, environmental - and that is a huge task.
To achieve this, the High-Representative should set up a 'Cultural diplomacy' Directorate-General within the European External Action Service, and appoint someone to be responsible for cultural relations and for promoting European culture in every EU representation in third countries.
To achieve this, the review of the Regulation on the European Social Fund will be the opportunity to ensure that this tool is set up for the benefit of the Union's strategy, but also within this strategy of the Union, of course, particularly the objectives for employment and social inclusion.
To achieve this, there is a need, above all, to promote active, concrete participation so as to strengthen both internal and external cooperation.
To achieve this, we want primarily to increase the possibilities of financing the creative sector, as a pillar of intelligent economic growth, from the Union budget.
To address this issue, since 1994, there has been an interinstitutional agreement between Parliament, the Commission and the Council on an accelerated working method for the adoption of codification, which should be carried out in complete compliance with the EU legislative process. I am therefore voting in favour of this report, codifying Council Regulation (EC) No 975/98 of 3 May 1998 on denominations and technical specifications of euro coins intended for circulation.
To address this issue, since 1994, there has been an interinstitutional agreement between Parliament, the Commission and the Council on an accelerated working method for the adoption of codified acts. I am happy to finally be able to adopt a directive that, in consolidating Directive 89/396/EEC, makes the public's lives easier by simplifying and clarifying EU law.
To address this issue, since 1994, there has been an interinstitutional agreement between Parliament, the Commission and the Council on an accelerated working method for the adoption of codified acts. I am pleased, therefore, that we can finally adopt a directive codifying Council Directive 70/157/EEC of 6 February 1970, which approximates the laws of the Member States relating to the permissible sound level and the exhaust system of motor vehicles.
To address this issue, since 1994, there has been an interinstitutional agreement between Parliament, the Commission and the Council on an accelerated working method for the adoption of codified acts. I am pleased, therefore, that we can finally adopt a directive codifying Council Directive 80/720/EEC of 24 June 1980, and which approximates the legislation of the Member States on the operating space, access to the driving position and the doors and windows of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors.
To address this issue, since 1994, there has been an interinstitutional agreement between Parliament, the Commission and the Council on an accelerated working method for the adoption of codified acts. I am pleased, therefore, that we can finally adopt a directive codifying Council Directive 86/298/EEC of 26 May 1986, and which approximates the legislation of the Member States on rear-mounted roll-over protection structures of narrow-track wheeled agricultural and forestry tractors.
To address this issue, since 1994, there has been an interinstitutional agreement between Parliament, the Commission and the Council on an accelerated working method for the adoption of codified acts. I am pleased, therefore, that we can finally adopt a directive codifying Council Directive 86/415/EEC of 24 July 1986 on the approximation of the legislation of the Member States on the installation, location, operation and identification of the controls of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors.
To address this issue, since 1994, there has been an interinstitutional agreement between Parliament, the Commission and the Council on an accelerated working method for the adoption of codified acts. I am pleased, therefore, that we can finally adopt a directive codifying Council Directive 87/402/EEC of 25 June 1987 on roll-over protection structures mounted in front of the driver's seat on narrow-track wheeled agricultural and forestry tractors.
To address this issue, since 1994, there has been an interinstitutional agreement between Parliament, the Commission and the Council on an accelerated working method for the adoption of the codification, which should be carried out in complete compliance with the EU legislative process. I therefore voted in favour of this proposal, codifying Council Directive 92/79/EEC of 19 October 1992 on the structure and specific rates of excise duty applied to the consumption of manufactured tobacco.
To all intents and purposes, the textual conflicts in the Rule cannot be resolved through interpretation alone, given the importance of the matter of the procedure.
To answer the questions in a very direct way: yes, the funding is there; yes, the Member States can use it; and, yes, the Member States can give from their own resources to this de minimis ceiling.
To assuage market concerns they must stress the risks that the markets are concerned about, and right now the markets are concerned about sovereign debt levels.
To attain these goals, it is essential for education and vocational training to be treated as a long-term common political priority, which can only be realised with the participation and commitment of all stakeholders, the EU institutions and those involved at local and regional level.
To attain these goals, we believe it is essential for education and vocational training to continue to be treated as a long-term common political priority, which can be translated into reality only with the participation and commitment of all stakeholders, the EU institutions and those involved at local and regional level.
To be brief, notwithstanding the exceptional length of the text, Parliament calls for the European budget, in its total amount and distribution, to be adapted after 2013 to the competences and very large number of priorities of the European Union, as it defines them.
To be fair, apart from the issue of the UK rebate where UK Members will be in a minority of one, I think the Parliament has tried to reach some compromises.
To be honest with you, there are different approaches among the G8 partners to the Hamas-PLO cooperation and to the issue of the 1967 borders.
To be in a position to negotiate with the Union, third countries must comply with internationally established labour standards.
To be precise, the cost of implementing the programme was initially estimated at EUR 3 330 million (of which 1 800 million was to be paid by the public sector). This was increased to EUR 5 580 million, all of which is to be paid by the public sector at a very difficult time for the economy.
To be so, they must study the economic, social, environmental and public health consequences of the intended political choices, along with their impact on the public's fundamental rights, throughout the political cycle.
To be specific, it clarifies the roles of the EU in international credit institutions, in the UN system, in multilateral security organisations and in other multilateral organisations in general, such as the World Trade Organisation, the Council of Europe and the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development.
To begin with, I consider it essential that this new instrument continue to prioritise achieving the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs). In order to achieve this aim - specifically, the eradication of poverty - it is essential that any future instrument be provided with realistic and adequate financial resources.
To begin with, I should like to draw attention to the importance of providing consumers with information that is precise and relevant, but above all comprehensible and uniform, regarding the components of textile products: exhaustive information is useless if the public is then unable to decipher it. We have achieved a step forward that is necessary but not enough: we must make further progress and protect the most vulnerable members of the public.
To build his 2014-2020 programming, Mr Hahn must be able to rely on the same budgetary amounts as in the past.
To cite an example, we would call your attention to the various funds channelled towards the enlargement policy - sometimes we do not know where they end up. What is there to say about the incalculable amounts spent on integration and which have achieved so little? There are also some virtuous regions that do not access the funds, which are then granted to other regions that either fail to use them, or use them poorly or for not entirely legitimate ends.
To cite technical and legal difficulties as an excuse for dismantling this food aid programme is disastrous not only for the people concerned but also for Europe's credibility and image.
To clear up the issue of funding coming from the agricultural funds or the structural funds: the intention is not that we move funding from the CAP or the structural funds to the innovation funds, but that we pay attention to the horizontal aspect of innovation.
To close, I would like to quote the Bucharest-based journalist, Sabina Fati.
To close, the Transparency Register mainly serves transparency and democratic, pluralistic interaction between the social partners, the citizens who gave parliamentarians a mandate and the EU institutions.
To come back to the purely commercial negotiating chapter, the issue of reciprocal access to government contracts has not been fully resolved. I am pleased that access to Indian federal government contracts is being covered by these negotiations, but what about provincial contracts?
To complete the picture, however, I look forward to the time when the Muscardini report fully enters into force, as it will enable European consumers to be better informed about the origin of products, including textiles, from third countries.
To conclude in English: earlier this year, Commissioner Quinn stated that 'we need to send red tape to the shredder.
To conclude, I must say that the level of financing of FP7 must be maintained, as we realise that investing in R&D is key to achieving the objectives of the Europe 2020 strategy.
To conclude, I would say that territorial cooperation is one of those purely European policies with high added value.
To conclude, ladies and gentlemen, we ask that before Europe declares itself willing to open negotiations on the conclusion of a free trade agreement, it resolutely defines the Community interest that it intends to protect and specifies the areas in which it will request reciprocity from Japan.
To conclude, let me say that the economic governance package gives us a chance that the winner/loser attitude will disappear from our European reality and that Europe will not become a zero sum game.
To conclude, let me say that we do not yet have a fully-fledged European model for innovation, but what is clear is that it must be rooted in a well-orchestrated, concrete, strong and joint public/private effort. I trust that the Innovation Union will take us all the way forward towards such a model.
To conclude, the public will be more supportive if the additional revenue generated from infrastructure and external costs is allocated transparently and effectively, and this would also serve to reduce the external costs of road transport more quickly.
To conclude, unfortunately I do not have the time to expand on the social aspects, but they have been discussed at great length by all the members of my group.
To conclude, with regard to the report on the cultural dimensions of the EU's external actions, I would like to highlight the importance of culture in our cooperation policies.
To create a Single Market, parties must be given the necessary mechanisms that allow their debts to be settled throughout the Union.
To date, however, there has been no European-level harmonisation of the rules on contracts for consumers and businesses.
To date, the Commission has allocated EUR 50 million - EUR 40 million from our humanitarian aid budget and EUR 10 million from the civil protection budget line - while the 27 Member States have collectively contributed EUR 52 million, bringing the total amount of EU humanitarian assistance to EUR 102 million.
To defeat the onslaught against workers and young people in Europe, the power of the organised working class must be mobilised. A one-day general strike across Europe would send a very powerful message of opposition to the European establishment.
To develop the internal market through boosting cross-border transactions and e-commerce, it is vital that European consumers benefit in these contracts from a standard level of protection, regardless of their country of origin.
To do so, Commissioner, it would be advisable to speed up the revision of the Misleading and Comparative Advertising Directive, in light of the fact that fraudulent advertising is increasing and becoming more sophisticated.
To do that in Europe is one thing but to do it to the developing world and to the poor is, as the authors of this question said, reprehensible.
To enable this, a suitable legal solution will need to be found, as was the case in previous instances, for example, the 'mad cow' and dioxin affairs.
To enhance greater efficiency in the functioning and expenditure of the EU agencies, genuine consideration must be given to the possibility of merging Governing Boards for agencies working in related fields.
To enjoy the fruits of an effective integrated market, it is also necessary to tackle the indirect causes that stifle the cross-border aspirations of our fellow citizens.
To ensure that this is not an idle notion, I think that we must put our trust in the local authorities and elected representatives of those cities.
To ensure that vocational training matches labour market needs, I feel that it is advisable to incorporate information about changes in the labour market into national education strategies and programmes.
To get to the heart of the matter, the energy mix remains a matter for the national governments and parliaments.
To give lessons on democracy and respect for human rights is one thing; to respect them in one's own institution is quite another.
To increase support for these projects, it is crucial to increase communication between those in charge of them and the general public, in order to create a direct relationship between these initiatives and European citizens.
To leave unused or squander unnecessarily the resources available would be a terrible shame, and it is therefore right to adopt with urgency a results-oriented approach through the establishment of clear and measurable targets and outcome indicators.
To look backwards for a moment: who could have imagined 15 years ago what is at stake today? Had we waited 15 years ago, and hesitated in taking decisions as politicians, we would have failed.
To make matters worse, the Commission and Parliament are demanding increases in the budget for the coming years.
To make this type of decision, European politicians must involve society, which has not happened in this case.
To my mind, the small breakthroughs that were achieved with the compromise have no real impact on a text that is highly detrimental to both the Italian system and the haulage industry.
To my mind, this is indispensable since, although the whole sector is being affected, rising energy bills will have a greater impact on traditional fishing than on industrial fishing. I believe exceptional situations demand exceptional measures.
To paraphrase the commentator, Ruth Lea: because the Trade Commissioner negotiates trade deals for the whole of the EU, the brutal truth is that EU membership constrains Britain's economic prospects.
To promote national political agendas at the expense of the aspirations of EU citizens of Bulgarian and Romanian origin is outrageous.
To push forward energy change, we need to bring the electricity from northern Germany to Austria.
To put it plainly, either the Stability and Growth Pact has this strange technical element that I have just mentioned, and then the Stability and Growth Pact will have teeth, or else it does not.
To quote Sakharov Prize winner, Sergei Kovalev, there is no doubt that in modern terminology, these acts were crimes against humanity.
To remedy this, the Regulation needs to be supplemented by more detailed rules on national inspections.
To respond to the economic crisis, every sector needs to contribute, and none more so than the financial sector. I have promised Parliament that the Commission will bring forward a formal legislative proposal on a financial tax.
To return to the next steps in this procedure, I believe that tomorrow's vote will be an important signal for all stakeholders in this process, and most notably also for the Council as regards the legislative procedure.
To seek to prevent Members of Parliament from expressing their opinions on matters of legitimate public interest and concern and from criticising their political opponents by bringing legal proceedings is unacceptable in a democratic society and in breach of Article 8 of the Protocol, which is intended to protect Members' freedom of expression in the performance of their duties in the interests of Parliament as an institution of the European Union.
To show the validity of the agreement, the resolution highlights the fact that the Indian and European economies are complementary: the reality is somewhat different, because there are several industries, including precisely the textile industry, in which there is no complementarity at all but rather competition, and often unfair competition, carried out by our Asian counterparts.
To show them today, on Europe Day in particular, that the European Union is alert to their needs would already be a good start, Commissioner.
To succeed in finally making the United States of Europe available to us will require leadership not only from the national governments but primarily from the European institutions.
To such a proposal, I categorically say no. Current budget lines already in place for this project are easily sufficient to bring about its completion, yet - true to form - the suggestion is to spend even more. I know that if I speak to my constituents, they will give little support to the current spending on Galileo, let alone an increase.
To sum up, I am pleased with the report and I am pleased with the work that has been done, but I have some concerns about the attention that we seem to have paid to a policy that could have confirmed the so-called 'facing-out', as we are used to seeing.
To sum up, we should look at the bigger picture regarding cultural policy and try to understand its importance for the whole of the European Union.
To summarise, in future I would like to see regional subsidies ending up where they are really needed, in other words, in innovative projects which produce clear results, in small and medium-sized businesses and, most importantly, with citizens in the regions and the cities.
To summarise: we need a stronger and more representative IMF in our new global world and we need a stronger EU with a clearer voice.
To support and strengthen these measures, I am voting for this report.
To take up what Mr Løkkegaard briefly mentioned, it is really not acceptable that young people who are studying, training or working abroad should encounter difficulties, when they move, with the most basic tasks such as accessing banking services or renting an apartment.
To that end, I advocate better coherence between common trade policy and practices in Member States accepting exceptionally low bids from companies whose countries are not signatories to the Agreement on Government Procurement (GPA), to the disadvantage of companies from EU Member States.
To that end, multiannual radio spectrum legislative programmes need to be prepared in order to establish strategic planning and to meet the growing demand for broadband access, particularly because official estimates suggest that data traffic will double every year until 2013.
To that end, partnerships will be developed with Southern Neighbourhood countries.
To that end, the EU must make the necessary resources available to both countries to support social services such as education, health, agriculture, food security and institutional capacity building, and it should maintain this humanitarian aid for both countries after 9 July, the date on which South Sudan will officially gain its independence.
To that end, we obviously need investment in the economy but what we need, first of all, is to ensure that no one is allowed the liberty to depart from agreed rules without a valid reason, because that means dragging others into the quagmire as well.
To the Council I would say: if this issue is not a problem for the Council because lobbyists have very little influence there, then it should be easier for it to sign up to the transparency register.
To the Council: you have waited since 1999 for a common European asylum system, you have created a situation where solidarity and burden-sharing are often spoken of in this place, but we are nowhere near the formal mechanism for burden-sharing in the European Community.
To this effect, the Commission has put forward consistent proposals in the context of the current revision of the Financial Regulation.
To this end it is essential to bring forward projects that are sustainable in terms of costs and resources, and flexible in so much as every city is different and calls for solutions that best suit its demands.
To this end, I think it is important to continue supporting small and medium-sized enterprises, since they create 50% of jobs, and to invest in continuous, lifelong learning.
To this end, I welcome the conclusions and observations of the Green Paper and the opportunity to improve the governance of financial institutions through the Union. I also join the rapporteur in calling for a cost-benefit impact assessment of the Commission's proposals, with a focus on the need to preserve competitiveness and contribute to economic growth.
To this end, I, together with my colleague, Mr Schulz, the Vice-Chair of the Joint EU-Russia Parliamentary Committee, have sent a letter to President Barroso, Vice-President/High Representative Ashton and President Von Rompuy.
To this end, and to reflect this, the Competitiveness Council is preparing to adopt the Council's conclusions at its previously mentioned meeting on 30-31 May 2011, about which the Presidency is submitting a draft to the Council.
To this end, and without questioning the role played by the World Trade Organisation (WTO), it is crucial to liberalise trade by concluding all negotiations under way within the framework of the Doha Development Agenda (DDA), of which EU-Canada trade relations are part.
To this end, broadband coverage for the whole EU, including the outermost regions, will make a clear contribution to establishing the EU as an integrated area for information sharing, furthering its claim to be a cutting-edge digital economy. I therefore voted in favour of this report.
To this end, it is important that entrepreneurs in Ireland are fully informed on how to make best use of the Small Business Act.
To this end, it is necessary to make amendments to the Rules of Procedure, and I voted in favour of these.
To this end, it proposes three modules in order to collect data on economic activities that result in air emissions, on environmental tax revenue and on material flows.
To this end, resources are needed - and these should be allocated on the basis of harmonised criteria - as is an effective synergy between cross-border and transnational areas precisely so that local needs can be coordinated with those that have wider scope. I am certain that the enormous cultural, historical and linguistic heritage of the EU should become recognisable if physical and territorial barriers are overcome: this is the kind of collaboration which is the cornerstone of our vision of democratic principles and unity in diversity.
To this end, the Commission should present a proposal for such actions, which will then be recast as an official document.
To this end, the countries involved in the agreement undertake to adopt the necessary measures, individually or in cooperation, in accordance with the principles of sovereign equality, territorial integrity, mutual benefit and good faith, with a view to the management of the waters of the Prespa, the prevention, control and reduction of pollution, the protection and conservation of the biodiversity, protection of the soil, the prudent use of natural resources and sustainable development.
To this end, the motion highlights, in fact, the need for the Commission to fulfil its responsibility of keeping Parliament constantly informed of the progress of its negotiations with non-EU operators.
To this end, the solidarity mechanims must be strengthened in terms of redistribution of asylum seekers, organised mobility and new partnerships with third countries.
To this end, there is a need to breathe new life into it by simplifying procedures, but also by reinforcing the EU's common agricultural policy (CAP) budget, so I consider it very positive that the report calls for the CAP budget to be maintained at least until 2013, with it unlikely that Parliament will accept any reduction.
To this end, there must be adequate funding, support for CCIs to develop in their local and regional environments, and a move towards a creative economy by catalysing their spillover effects on a wide range of economic and social contexts.
To this end, we intend to create a multilingual Internet platform which would be used for the exchange of experiences between creators and, as a consequence, for the creation of a still closer network of contacts between all those for whom the development of the creative industry in Europe is important.
To this end, we must invest in care and education from the earliest childhood, and monitor the services provided and the proficiency of providers.
To this end, we should reduce the contribution the transport sector makes to climate change and the negative impact of transport, in particular, congestion, which impedes mobility, and air and noise pollution, which damage health and the environment.
To this extent, I failed to understand the meaning of your question, but what I believe I can glean from it is that you also support democracy. I suppose that this represents some sort of progress.
To this must be added the upward trend in fuel prices, which is once again threatening companies that have already managed to survive the crisis of 2008.
To those who blame us for supporting a governance package that is not based on any theoretical or econometric model, I will simply say this: did the models you are talking about foresee or prevent the crisis we are going through and that has not ended yet; or did they lead, instead, to high-risk behaviours under the cover of mathematical truth?
To us, that fact is even more worrying when we realise that Croatia will be the next candidate country to become a Member State of the European Union. I therefore hope that Croatia's participation in the work programme proves to be of the greatest benefit.
Today Parliament is preparing to vote on this important document, which represents the mandate, that is to say a specific direction to be taken in negotiations with the Council.
Today in Madagascar, there is a transitional government that nevertheless holds no promise of anything good, either on an economic level, if we consider that people there live on less than one dollar a day, or on a humanitarian level.
Today in the European Parliament, we voted on the Coelho report on the application of the provisions of the Schengen acquis in Bulgaria and Romania.
Today it is vital to set up a framework for Member States and strengthen supervision of the ways in which the Member States choose to store waste. I therefore voted for the directive on managing this waste.
Today this focal budget is therefore a very important element among many, because we have once again drawn attention to the fact that it then becomes a driving force for transforming our commitments into reality, which is no small thing.
Today we also have the statement of the Venice Commission. I would therefore like to repeat my warning about the problematic wording of the Hungarian constitution, particularly in the formulation of Section D, which talks about the responsibility of Hungary for all Hungarians, about a single Hungarian nation, about collective rights and about the creation of collective self-governing authorities in other countries, based on the principle of ethnicity.
Today we are celebrating Europe Day. I have spent most of the day in Florence which, as you know, is the home of the European University Institute and where the Festival of Europe is taking place. A conference on the subject of the state of the European Union took place there too, and I met students from the European University Institute.
Today we are seeing the dramatic consequences in Greece.
Today we have the Europe 2020 strategy, which envisages an even greater role for structural and cohesion policy in order to exit the crisis and contribute to the well-being of our citizens.
Today we voted during the plenary session of the European Parliament in Brussels on the report on increased effectiveness between the ERDF and other structural funds.
Today's International Herald Tribune writes: 'Russia can't have a modern economy until it has a genuine rule of law'. The summit venue will be Nizhny Novgorod, in Soviet times, Gorky, where the key figure of Soviet conscience, Andrei Sakharov, was banished for many years. I call upon the Commission and our negotiators to follow the spirit of Andrei Sakharov and to remember the message of Sakharov Prize winner, Sergei Kovalev, in this hemicycle two years ago.
Today's debate has confirmed for us that there is an agreement in the European Parliament on this issue.
Today's debate must also send a signal to the Commission that we must continue these popularly well-received programmes and opportunities in the next generation of education and youth programmes, too, and that they must be well funded in keeping with their significance.
Today's debate showed me that there is a broad interest among all parties in the European Parliament in this test and in the test criteria, which must include the human factor. I am grateful for this tailwind.
Today's resolution is a step in the right direction, so that after its reform, the common agricultural policy can be fairer and more effective.
Today's text underscores once again our appreciation of the positive attitude of the Commission and its willingness to take prompt action to remedy most of the shortcomings noted by the Court of Auditors in the reports in question.
Today's vote comes after a relevant success for the EU in the UN: the adoption of a set of modalities granting the EU delegation in the UN General Assembly the right to make interventions, as well as the right of reply and the ability to present oral proposals and amendments.
Today's vote concerned a request for assistance for 2 834 redundancies, all of which are targeted for assistance, in the enterprise General Motors Belgium and four of its suppliers operating in the motor vehicle sector in the NUTS II region of Antwerp, during the four-month reference period, from 14 June to 14 October 2010, amounting to a total of EUR 9 593 931 financed by the EGF.
Today's vote concludes the financial control procedure with the discharge granted in respect of the implementation of the 2009 budget of the Euratom Supply Agency, whose accounts were found to be legal and reliable.
Today's vote is a key step forward which bodes well for the future.
Today's vote sees Eurojust granted discharge in respect of the implementation of its budget for the financial year 2009. I voted in favour because, following audits carried out by the Court of Auditors and the Committee on Budgetary Control, the Court of Auditors stated that it has obtained reasonable assurances that the annual accounts for the financial year 2009 are reliable and that the underlying transactions are legal and regular.
Today's vote sees discharge granted in respect of the implementation of the European Environment Agency's budget for the financial year 2009. I voted in favour because the audits carried out by the Court of Auditors and the Committee on Budgetary Control showed that all the transactions made by the Agency were perfectly legal and regular.
Today's vote sees discharge granted in respect of the implementation of the budget of the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction for the financial year 2009. I voted in favour on the basis of the report by the Court of Auditors, which stated that it has obtained reasonable assurances that the accounts are reliable and that the underlying transactions are legal and regular.
Today's vote sees discharge granted in respect of the implementation of the budget of the European Network and Information Security Agency for the financial year 2009, thereby closing the procedure for 2009. I voted in favour on the basis of the statements made by the Court of Auditors, which has confirmed that it has received reasonable assurances that the annual accounts for the financial year 2009 are reliable and that the underlying transactions are legal and regular.
Today's vote sees the Executive Director of the European Chemicals Agency granted discharge in respect of the implementation of the Agency's budget for the financial year 2009. I voted in favour because the audits carried out by the Court of Auditors and the Committee on Budgetary Control showed that all the transactions made by the Agency were perfectly legal and regular.
Today's vote was the chance to emphasise the need to strengthen cooperation between towns and suburbs, as well as to give more consideration to specific urban challenges.
Today's written declaration 10 has been passed with a strong and positive majority. I wish to thank the co-authors and give special thanks to Charles Tannock, who has spent every Strasbourg session rallying support with me. I would also like to thank the Declaration Office and my staff, whose hard work made our job that much easier.
Today, Europe is lagging behind the US and China, which are freeing up large parts of the spectrum in order to allow for the rapid development of new services and high speed mobile Internet.
Today, Europe is the only region in the world where the death penalty has been abolished, with the sad exception of Belarus. I would like to emphasise that the European Union remains strongly committed to the abolition of the death penalty everywhere.
Today, European consumers find textile products labelled 'Made in Italy', 'Made in Germany' or 'Made in France', when in fact they have been almost entirely produced elsewhere.
Today, I am delighted with the European Commission's ambition to want to democratise young people's access in Europe.
Today, I voted in favour of creating 'intermediate regions', and I am pleased that this position was adopted by Parliament as a whole.
Today, Parliament adopted an important decision on antibiotic resistance.
Today, Parliament adopted the amended text of the Consumer Rights Directive of my fellow Member, Mr Schwab. I welcome the adoption of this directive which will contribute to strengthening the platform of common consumer protection regulations, in particular with reference to the sale of goods online. I also welcome the fact that the legislator has allowed the Member States to include provisions that are more favourable to consumers in their respective national legal systems.
Today, Parliament has adopted the report produced by Mr Coelho on the full application of the provisions of the Schengen acquis in Bulgaria and Romania.
Today, Polish Members of the European Parliament voted against the resolution on the common agricultural policy after 2013.
Today, Viktor Orbán has gone even further. A new constitution has been adopted, committing Hungary to the idea of a single Hungarian nation consisting of all Hungarians, which is taken to mean all persons belonging to the Hungarian ethnic group, whatever their citizenship.
Today, during the vote on the Garriga Polledo report on Investing in the future: a new Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF) for a competitive, sustainable and inclusive Europe, I abstained from voting on the amendments tabled by the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament, the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance and the Confederal Group of the European United Left - Nordic Green Left concerning the forwarding to the European Commission of suggestions regarding the introduction of a tax on financial transactions. I could not support this course of action, although I am an ardent supporter of a tax which would provide the EU with its own revenue. A European tax will guarantee that the EU's goals can be accomplished, without the constraints imposed by the positions of the Member States, which too frequently sacrifice the EU's interests to short-term goals.
Today, however, thanks to the tenacity of our rapporteur - and I should like to pay tribute here to Mr El Khadraoui - and of the shadow rapporteurs in their negotiations with the Council, we have a compromise before us at long last.
Today, however, we are still here defending certain decisions and maintaining that it was a collective failure.
Today, however, we cannot adopt resolutions unless they make the opening of free trade agreement negotiations subject to specific, binding and verifiable conditions; namely, that there will be genuine reciprocity and a proper impact assessment.
Today, in the context of the recent introduction of the new European Financial Stabilisation Mechanism and the European Financial Stability Facility, which provide several governance tools for the euro area, we think, quite reasonably - and the European Banking Authority thinks so too - that it is much more useful now to ensure complete transparency of exposures relating to sovereign debt as they appear in the banking book and the trading book.
Today, it is our common duty to cherish the memory of the hundreds of thousands of victims of the Soviet terror in the Baltic States, and to condemn in the strongest terms the totalitarian system and the crimes against humanity committed by its leaders.
Today, it was an easy task to vote for the report on forest protection and information in the EU: preparing forests for climate change.
Today, mobility essentially concerns students, but it should be encouraged for everyone, young workers and young people who are doing vocational training.
Today, my colleagues and I were speaking for the first time in the Irish National Assembly - the Dáil - on Europe Day, so it is a historic day from that point of view.
Today, thanks to Parliament's determination during the negotiation of the telecommunications package, conducted so magnificently by our fellow Member, Mrs Trautmann, this discussion on spectrum is taking place where it should be: in the political sphere of the European Union.
Today, the European Parliament adopted a resolution on EU-Japan trade relations.
Today, the European Parliament adopted a resolution on the application of all the provisions of the Schengen acquis to Bulgaria and Romania.
Today, the European Parliament has made its voice heard, by adopting a regulation capable of safeguarding the excellence of the European textile industry.
Today, the European Parliament has shown support for the 23 million small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in the European Union, which represent more than 100 million jobs and provide an essential contribution to economic growth, social cohesion and the creation of jobs.
Today, the European Union has legislation in place to enable cross-border claims and the mutual recognition of judgments of national courts.
Today, the Indian market has closed itself off to our products by imposing exorbitant 150% tariffs on them.
Today, then, rather than cast doubt on the Commission's efforts to review the security risks of our nuclear power plants, let us try to gather as much objective information about their actual condition as we can.
Today, therefore, we must implement a new protocol which is in line with the undertaking that European countries signed up to in 2002 and which is able to ensure a sustainable fishing practice that will also contribute to development in the countries concerned.
Today, these generics are of vital importance to people across the world suffering from the likes of HIV and AIDS.
Today, we are creating the conditions in which the epilogue will be written. I believe and hope that we all feel that these are historic times and that the epilogue will not be written in black colours for the future of the European Union and EMU, but will mark a brave and decisive step which will make Europe more cohesive, more united and even stronger.
Today, we are discussing the new candidate for the future position of Managing Director of the IMF.
Today, we have a case of this kind and it is no coincidence that it concerns the role of small and medium-sized businesses.
Today, we must welcome an important result, which is that we consider the citizens of Bulgaria and Romania to be among those who can benefit from this fundamental instrument.
Today, we run the risk that, not only companies, but also governments might decrease investment in innovation.
Today, we voted during the plenary session of the European Parliament in Strasbourg on the report on European cooperation in vocational education and training to support the Europe 2020 strategy.
Today, we voted during the plenary session of the European Parliament in Strasbourg on the report on transport applications of Global Navigation Satellite Systems.
Together with my colleagues, I propose that the College merge with Europol in the Hague. I have my doubts about the College's ability to resolve structural problems linked to its small size, the relocation of its secretariat to Bramshill (70 km from London) and its high governance costs.
Together with the Federation of Food Banks, Secours populaire, the Red Cross and Restos du Coeur in France, I am concerned about the future of this programme after the European Court of Justice called into question its funding within the framework of the CAP.
Together with the euro, free movement of persons in the EU is one of the fundamental pillars of the European project.
Together with the rest of the Italian delegation, I am concerned about the proposals to add these so-called 'intermediate categories' to the regional policy, as this risks harming the weakest regions of the Union. I will conclude by asserting that financing the Union entirely through a system based on own resources is the only way to ensure the future and the development of the European Union.
Tomorrow, I will be in Berlin to participate in a coordination meeting between the food safety sector and the health sector, together with the experts we have in place there.
Tomorrow, in the House, we will stand ready to shoulder our responsibilities. I see that the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament and the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance want to put a spanner in the works.
Tomorrow, we will be voting on an important regulation which will allow the Commission to take further action.
Tonight, this gives us a chance to influence the Commission in advance of its CSR communication by asking it firstly to maintain the open definition of CSR latterly adopted by it in the Multi-Stakeholder Forum; to return to the principle of convergence in private and voluntary CSR initiatives, which was its former policy; to make concrete proposals for implementing global CSR standards, specifically the updated OECD guidelines on Multinational Enterprises and the new Ruggie framework on business and human rights; to commit to the principle of integrated financial, environmental, social and human rights reporting by business - indeed paving the way towards the possibility of future legislation in this area; and to advance the responsibility of European businesses in their global supply chain, responding to the governance gaps identified in the Commission's own recent Edinburgh study.
Tonnes of antibiotics are literally stuffed into animals.
Too often, we have heard that spectrum planning and management is a technical issue that is the exclusive competence of the Member States.
Too often, we hear from this Commission and from many in this House about over-regulation, but, as with the banks, I am starting to wonder whether we tend to put the needs of market and supply chains ahead of those of public protection and the consumer. 'Business as usual' is not going to be good enough.
Total appropriations for projects selected cannot correspond on average to 27% of total funds available; 9 States cannot take up over 40% and 4 States below 20%. We cannot have a two- or three-speed cohesion policy.
Trade and finance have taken priority over human rights.
Trade policy cannot ignore any failure in respecting workers' rights, and the development of society may continue only after such obstacles have been removed.
Trade policy cannot ignore any failure in respecting workers' rights, and the development of society may therefore only continue after these drawbacks are removed.
Trade policy cannot ignore failure to respect workers' rights and, therefore, the development of society may continue only after these shortcomings have been removed.
Trade policy is yet another area in which competences have been withdrawn from the Member States, with the EU then having 'exclusive competence'. This is the foundation for this proposal for a regulation: in other words, applying Article 207(1) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU), which provides for the exclusive competence of the EU in matters of foreign direct investment as part of the common commercial policy.
Trade relations between European countries and Japan go back several centuries and have been growing closer since the end of the Second World War.
Traditional does not mean outdated, but as a mechanism for delivering the goals of the 2020 strategy.
Training of police officers and provision of the necessary equipment have continued.
Training, which is very high on the agenda for the coming weeks, months and years, will be very important because we have to train judges, prosecutors and lawyers in the application of our European rules.
Transitional arrangements for bilateral investment agreements between Member States and third countries (debate) 
Transparency also remains a matter of concern, since irregularities continue to affect staff selection.
Transparency has always been a very important issue for the Council. I am very happy to see that while we did not manage to achieve progress in 2008 and 2009, we now made a breakthrough during the Hungarian Presidency in that the Council is prepared to monitor processes, and inasmuch as it is able, will participate in this activity - we will see to what extent, negotiations are still to follow.
Transparency in the activities that involve the European institutions, even though it has recently ended up tarnished, is a prerequisite for legitimacy and a basic factor in the establishment of proper, open relations with representative associations. I therefore believe that creating a common register for Parliament and the Commission in order to bring together all information on the organisations and individuals who have contact with the institutions will not only streamline bureaucratic procedures by providing for a single registration, but will also be a clear improvement leading towards an increasingly open and transparent dialogue with said lobbyists.
Transparency in this process also involves the population in determining the storage site and other details.
Transparency is also needed with regard to the rotation of staff between agencies, and I have asked for an overview of all staff members who change working place from one agency to another.
Transparency is essential in order to determine the European banks' susceptibility to crisis.
Transparency is of the utmost importance, and I am therefore very concerned to hear that the United Kingdom does not want to report the results of stress tests and that France is not interested in ambitious stress tests.
Transparency is the defence of right political action, but it is not the right instrument for getting to the heart of corruption.
Transparency, a uniform quality standard and the presentation of the advantages and disadvantages of a sufficient number of political options are the key to reliable impact assessments.
Transparency, openness, consultation, and public participation and scrutiny in connection with the studies and their results are of decisive importance in guaranteeing, as much as possible, this independence and the quality of the study.
Transport applications of the Global Navigation Satellite Systems (
Transport is one of the largest producers of CO2 emissions in Europe and it is not charged for this.
Transposition of the directive does not necessarily mean that its provisions have to be formally integrated into national legislation (through a law for example). An administrative act will therefore also suffice, as long as it can guarantee that the directive will be applied transparently. I hope that this will result in the directive being implemented more quickly. I hope that Parliament will reach a final agreement and approve the entire governance package as quickly as possible, in order to send a strong and unified message to the public and the markets and to stop speculation.
True, relations are difficult between those two countries, since there was also the Mumbai attack and Pakistan's poor cooperation in identifying and capturing the perpetrators of the attack.
Trust in the EU will only return when our citizens are convinced that the Union serves their values and interests.
Tunisia is a country that has toppled its dictator, so what are these Tunisians fleeing from? Democracy? Perhaps we should expect to see Mr Ben Ali, a recently retired dictator, at the head of the queue.
Turkey is a founding member of the Council of Europe and the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE), a member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO) and of the Western European Union (WEU). It has just been elected as a non-permanent member of the Security Council.
Turkey is a privileged partner of the EU and, on the outside, declares a definite interest in becoming a full member of our European group. I therefore firmly believe that you should make full use of the potential that is already available to you through your role in solving this thorny issue, in which the EU is directly involved.
Turkey is fortunate in being located at the meeting of two worlds: it has one foot in the European West and one in Asia.
Turkey, in particular, can play a constructive role in helping the EU consolidate the gains of the recent democratic awakening in the Middle East.
Turning to Belarus, I want to say that, 20 years ago, Croatia and Slovenia became free countries - I was there - and in the August, the Baltic States, Russia and Ukraine followed.
Turning to Schengen, I agree with you - or most of you - who have said that Schengen is a fantastic achievement.
Turning to the content of the report, the Commission can support, sometimes subject to small modifications, almost all of Parliament's approach.
Turning to the question of what corrections need to be made, what we need are greater and better procedural guarantees around issue, refusal and surrender.
Turning to the second question, I can assure the honourable Members that the Commission is aware that the control of AMR requires a multi-disciplinary approach.
Twenty years ago, when transition started in the former Communist countries, one of the most important structural reforms was the establishment of an independent central bank with strict legal prohibition of the monetisation of public debt.
Twenty-five years after Chernobyl, there is a need to rebuild the sarcophagus, but we see how difficult it is to gather the financial resources: how difficult it is to get the financial resources from those European Member States that are, at the same time, worrying very much about nuclear safety.
Twenty-five years after events in Chernobyl, we still need further assessment and research on past and current impacts of contamination of human health and the environment.
Two and a half years later, unfortunately, we are back here in plenary to discuss the same subject because there has been a serious lack of action to combat the problem of misleading business directories.
Two days ago, on 7 June, talks began in Gaborone between the Southern African Development Community (SADC) and various players in the country, in order to find a way out of the crisis, which is based on neutrality and consensus, includes all the relevant groups, and can be supported both by the international community and by the broad majority of the citizens of Madagascar.
Two different attitudes can be adopted with regard to the current situation: either people settle for marching in the streets and striking - that is part of the trade union movement (I myself was a trade unionist) - or, after having expressed their concern, they set about redressing the situation on the basis of a fair policy.
Two important principles must be borne in mind: an unconditional 'no' to the death penalty, and the fact that the war against terrorism must also be a war against the causes of terrorism.
Two of the measures that are definitely worth highlighting are the facilitation of the creation of a Single European Sky and the creation of applications for intelligent transport systems.
Two principles have to underpin what we do. The first is that we in Europe know how long and painful the journey towards liberty can be. Our own path to 20th century liberal democracy was a very slow one.
Two things, especially, need to change if Europe is to get there.
Two weeks later and we have rushed to point the finger and created a credibility problem before we have even established the cause.
Two years ago, a Commission study recommended that a special agency should be set up for the implementation of legislation on waste.
Two years have passed since we adopted a directive on nuclear safety and since then increased attention has been paid to the safe operation of nuclear power plants.
Typical examples of these include cumbersome approval processes for medical equipment and certain food products, and lack of convergence with internationally recognised standards for car parts and components.
UKIP MEPs abstained on this vote, not because we do not want transparency, but because these proposals are inadequate, and to vote in favour would have been to endorse inadequate provisions.
Ukraine has also undertaken to build democracy at local level and to strengthen local self-government.
Ukraine is not alone in this respect, but it must demonstrate its unconditional determination to introduce more comprehensive and more inclusive reforms if it wants to move closer to the EU. We will continue to provide Ukraine with significant support in its efforts to bring about internal reforms.
Ukraine, as Poland's nearest neighbour, is one of the most important partners and has the opportunity to gain more than the other partners from this situation.
Ultimately it will be up to the Member States rather than the EBA to learn lessons by putting in place conditions and backstops, which we will be monitoring closely in the period immediately after the stress tests.
Ultimately, as Ms Merkies put it, we have to merge Albert Einstein and Steve Jobs and keep him or her in Europe: we must be seen to be attractive and dynamic, and unfettered by unnecessary red tape.
Ultimately, the aim is for people to be able to find a better job, but also, as the explanatory statement says, for them to have 'the opportunity to shape the jobs of the future'.
Ultimately, this is all about small and medium-sized businesses.
Undeclared work deprives workers of social protection and deprives society of social security contributions.
Under Article 17(1) of the Treaty on European Union, the Commission shall execute the budget and shall do so, under Article 317 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, in cooperation with the Member States, on its own responsibility, having regard to the principles of sound financial management.
Under Article 4(1) and (2) of the Treaty on the European Union, the adoption of a constitution remains in the exclusive competence of the Member State concerned.
Under EID regulations, farmers are fined for inaccurate data, despite serious faults with the technology. I have presented this issue to the Commission on numerous occasions, as have representatives from many Member States.
Under international law, the organisation of a political system is a sovereign matter of sovereign states, and therefore we cannot view the provisions of the Hungarian constitution under which Hungary reserves the right to decide on the organisation of the life of citizens of other states as anything other than a primitive and crude attack on calm and peaceful coexistence in Europe.
Under its provisions, traders will have to provide clear and accurate information in a timely manner and, failing that, a consumer cannot be bound by distance or off-premises contracts. I particularly welcome what it says with regard to giving consumers the right to change their mind after buying an article online.
Under the European Arrest Warrant, everybody in Britain can be extradited - under Bulgarian law, for example - and there is not much a British judge can do about it. To make matters worse, the British Government has opted into the European Investigation Order, which is a further attack on the liberties of the British people.
Under the Treaty of Amsterdam, a great deal of attention was paid to the interaction between economic policy and environmental policy.
Under the Treaty of Lisbon, air agreements require the European Parliament's consent, as they concern a sector to which the ordinary legislative procedure applies.
Under the Treaty of Lisbon, the EU has enhanced powers of international representation and is being called on to respond to challenges such as climate change, combating poverty and transferring the rule of law and democratic values to developing countries. I agree with the rapporteur that the democratic accountability of all EU development policy and the active role which Parliament must have in the procedure for approving funds for development aid, based on Article 290 of the Treaty of Lisbon, need to be enhanced.
Under the amended Directive 1999/62/EC, Member States will also be able to charge road users for some (limited) external costs, so that finally, the 'polluter pays' principle is introduced in road transport.
Under the circumstances, nevertheless, I have no objection to granting the request in this particular case, but I would very much like to ask Members not to abuse this potential because, if they do, then the President will ask the House every time and there will be contentiousness where there should be none.
Under the framework of EU values and principles, it is crucial that its CSDP be guided by a transparent and democratic process.
Under the principle of increased transparency, the dissemination of the results in June will be improved and accompanied by a separate detailed publication of the bank balances.
Under the terms of Council Regulation (EC) No 1215/2009, the preferential tariff quotas apply to baby beef, sugar and sugar products, certain wines, as well as certain fishery products.
Under these circumstances, I appeal to EU Member States to join the Czech Republic in standing ready to grant political asylum to persecuted Ukrainian opposition politicians and to consider sanctions against Ukraine for violations of international law, if the situation in Ukraine does not change.
Under these circumstances, the Commission's attitude of inertia and its refusal to take the necessary measures - a stance you have confirmed here today, Commissioner - is absolutely disgraceful.
Under these new circumstances, I therefore ask the Commission and the Council, once again, whether, if part of an existing EU Member State should choose to separate, the new state would remain a member of the EU, or whether it would have to reapply for membership.
Under this agreement, permanent access to the Parliament premises is allowed only to the registered interest representatives.
Under this legislation, where river basins extend beyond the territory of the Union, Member States shall endeavour to establish coordination with the non-Member States which share the river basin district.
Under this regulation, for example, the trimmings on collars will be labelled clearly and separately from the rest of the garment, allowing consumers to make an informed choice about the clothes they buy.
Underpinned by the need to involve Parliament throughout the process, it is also necessary to draw attention, even if only in general terms, to aspects such as the terms under which information is provided or the stages at which it should be made available.
Undoubtedly, then, this is an ambitious report, given the issues it tackles, from intellectual property rights to increased cooperation among the Member States and the Commission. I would therefore congratulate the rapporteur on her commitment and hope that, with more such contributions, we will be able to achieve all the objectives proposed in the Europe 2020 strategy.
Undoubtedly, this will give Member States additional possibilities to make their national road charging systems more efficient, which means that a better transport-demand-management instrument can be developed.
Unemployment cannot be solved just by training the unemployed: you also need to put in place job creation policies, such as support for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) or business startups.
Unfortunately I have to point out a few difficulties reported by the Court of Auditors following the audits carried out during the implementation of the 2009 work programme. I therefore add my voice to the calls for the Authority to take the necessary measures to remedy these shortcomings which, in any case, have not nullified the general regularity and reliability of the budget for the financial year 2009.
Unfortunately the bold and innovative aims initially proposed by the rapporteur have not survived our discussions.
Unfortunately these reports do not always receive the political attention they deserve, even though they are of great importance when reflecting on, changing and adapting programmes and projects because they can result in a more efficient use of human and budgetary resources.
Unfortunately this is one of the lessons that we have had to learn from the euro's early years.
Unfortunately, Europe still has regions and social groups where there are limited conditions for this.
Unfortunately, I would say that the Europe 2020 strategy's ambitions are not visibly in harmony with the reality of budget restrictions, which have substantially cut funding for the main EU programmes in the area of education. I welcome the measures adopted by the Commission aimed at facilitating accessibility, transparency and comparability for the purposes of the recognition process within and among education systems.
Unfortunately, Mr Osman's prize was not enough to stamp the international community with the desirable sense of urgency for confronting the repeated and serious human rights violations recorded in Sudan. I hope that, before and after separation, both parties can respect what has been agreed, build two peaceful countries, pull their populations out of poverty and promote good neighbourliness; and that the European Union may be able to contribute to that.
Unfortunately, Mr Šemeta, I am not able to say that about the European Commission's budget.
Unfortunately, a coherent, coordinated strategy on the role of culture in the EU's external actions does not currently exist.
Unfortunately, a lack of investment, under-capitalisation of companies, the lack of a regulatory framework to set aside hurdles to the mobility of artists and creatives and the increasing prevalence of piracy are some of the factors that weaken the establishment of a European cultural space.
Unfortunately, as the rapporteur has emphasised in her document, introduction of the Galileo system continues to be beset by new problems. I agree with the call to the Commission to ensure swift certification of EGNOS for civil aviation. I have often stressed already that I am an enthusiast of the concept of the Single European Sky and the Single European Sky ATM Research programme.
Unfortunately, because of changes to the calendar of work of the Committee on Legal Affairs, my opinion was not taken into consideration by the committee responsible for the directive - the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy - which by a very small majority voted to accept the Euratom Treaty as the only legal basis. I think this happened to the detriment of the transparency of the decision-making process for nuclear energy - a matter which is so important for the EU's citizens.
Unfortunately, despite being widely used, there is a growing awareness that the economic and social fabric in Europe has profoundly changed.
Unfortunately, early unemployment has lasting negative effects.
Unfortunately, however, I should emphasise that we regret that the European Union does not have a homogenous formula for a social clause to be inserted into international agreements.
Unfortunately, however, that would mean legal uncertainty for investors and too much work, perhaps, for the Commission.
Unfortunately, however, there are also matters which I would call problematic, which means that unfortunately, during the meetings of the Committee on Culture and Education, a change was made to the provision which said that this was about appointing a person who would be responsible only for cultural matters and nothing else.
Unfortunately, however, there is still no method for evaluating how far the projects funded by the Seventh Framework Programme have advanced scientific knowledge.
Unfortunately, however, they will not be completed as fast as Mrs Oomen-Ruijten imagines.
Unfortunately, illegal fishing accounts for some 60% of the products that arrive on our markets, and this causes uncertainties about their quality and makes them difficult to trace.
Unfortunately, in such a case, transferring money between funds is impossible, due to different rules.
Unfortunately, in these cases it seems too early to talk about any stress tests.
Unfortunately, it barely mentions the necessity of combating anti-Romanyism, the human rights dimension of the issue.
Unfortunately, it was not possible to reach a compromise with the Council on novel foods and we have taken a step backwards.
Unfortunately, many states have not yet implemented the Eurovignette 1 infrastructure payments and, most likely, these same states will be very tardy in implementing Eurovignette 2. This distorts the market in haulage flows and, in fact, whereas the roads are maintained by payments by taxpayers in these Member States and the European Union taxpayers, the benefit is gained by third-country carriers, the infrastructure stays undeveloped, and external costs are not recovered.
Unfortunately, money does not grow on trees and the days of easy solutions and painless choices are now behind us. That is why the PPE Group is calling for sustainable public finances and for 5 or 6% budget deficits not to be permitted. A debt burden - the painful evidence of which we are witnessing - stands in the way of economic growth, not only in our European countries, but also in the United States.
Unfortunately, my region of Mazowsze, because of the very strong economic position of the capital of the country, Warsaw, exceeds the ceiling of 75% of EU GDP.
Unfortunately, not only has this investment not been made, but in some countries, including Portugal, we have also seen divestment in this type of transport.
Unfortunately, our response has been very curmudgeonly. I can certainly support the idea of having a safeguard clause, but it would be better to do nothing at all than to do this for only one year.
Unfortunately, recent, and also current, political and humanitarian crises in the world, have called for prompt, decisive action by the EU. It is often not easy, but countries affected by such crises expect rapid action from the EU not only through its foreign policy but also in the form of prompt aid in emergencies.
Unfortunately, that became apparent last weekend and then it was denied in the press that any secret meeting was taking place, which then has a double whammy effect on the already fragile confidence. I hope that the parties in question learn very quickly from this.
Unfortunately, that is what the original proposal was like. I am pleased that we were able to rectify that.
Unfortunately, the Council has failed to respect Parliament once again.
Unfortunately, the European Parliament was not involved in the negotiations on the EU-US agreement and so was not able to influence the content of the document.
Unfortunately, the Seventh Framework Programme also includes funding for research in the field of nuclear power.
Unfortunately, the answer is no, but an increasing number of targeted programmes have been set up to improve the situation, including, for instance, the Danube strategy.
Unfortunately, the audit process revealed cancellations and delays in procurement procedures, recurrent delays in the execution of payments and significant changes made to the work programme during the year. I believe that such problems ought to be avoided in future years.
Unfortunately, the austerity measures which are also felt in Hungary and which affect, amongst other things, the education system, as well as the spending cuts affecting job creation, do not really help young people; on the contrary, their sense of isolation from society and the labour market could pose a long-term threat to the economy.
Unfortunately, the common fisheries policy defines fish stocks as a common resource to which all nations have equal access.
Unfortunately, the list of social problems in Lithuanian urban areas is somewhat longer.
Unfortunately, the two sides came from different planets.
Unfortunately, there are only partial signs of coherent action.
Unfortunately, there have been many delays in the projects at this stage, with 65% of pre-financing having been used.
Unfortunately, they do not always get the political attention they deserve because of the rules applicable in Parliament.
Unfortunately, this global economic crisis highlights the worst of our nationalist and populist views.
Unfortunately, this report proposes none of these things.
Unfortunately, today, the European Union is dependent on the Global Positioning System (GPS) of the United States.
Unfortunately, we are called on once again to vote on the mobilisation of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund (EGF). I say unfortunately, because an intervention of this nature presupposes a situation of serious difficulty.
Unfortunately, we do not have many opportunities to discuss things together and I would be delighted if you would take this opportunity to make it clear to us for once who it is in the Council that is actually fighting against the necessary transparency.
Unfortunately, we have all seen that it was a failure. I believe that we can retain the hope that during the meeting this weekend, on Saturday, there will still be some positive developments.
Unfortunately, what the Commission has shown is that it is very weak, because you cannot keep everyone happy.
Unfortunately, when the facts are revealed, it turns out that in reality, the enterprise has undertaken to pay a fixed sum for a certain period of time.
Unfounded accusations, improvisation, lack of coordination, millions in losses, attacks on the honour and credibility of a sector: is it not sufficient reason to demand who takes responsibility?
Units of measurement are essential in the use of all measuring instruments to express measurements or any indication of quantity.
University programmes must be brought closer to the demands of the labour market.
Unless an eleventh-hour candidacy is received from Kuwait or Nepal, at the instigation of the United States, we could well see Syria heading up the UN Human Rights Council on 20 May.
Unless he was just a mediocre director, and even if he was not the instigator, Mr Draghi could not have been unaware that the company he was working for orchestrated the massaging, seemingly legally yet dishonestly, of the Greek debt to justify Greece's joining the euro.
Unless we are clear about priorities, including funding in such key activities, half-hearted and patchy decision-making will continue to bring not only the problems mentioned, but also a reduction in the overall quality of projects.
Unlike the Air Transport Agreement, it is not subject to provisional application and does not require ratification by the Member States.
Unlike the European right, which spoke out very strongly in favour of opening negotiations on the conclusion of a free trade agreement, I defended a more cautious approach.
Unlike the Soviet Union of 30 years ago, in the European Union we have very good legal instruments to enforce our safety standards.
Unlike the rapporteur, and I am saying this as a German, I am of the opinion that the Commission proposal for an intermediate category will result in a balanced and transparent structure for future cohesion policy in the light of the dramatic problems in some regions.
Unlike you, we have always extended the hand of friendship to you, and we have always wanted decent coexistence, and we would therefore like the implementing regulations for your constitution to respect the sovereignty of neighbouring states in the region.
Unsurprisingly, it could not hold out against the right-wing majority in Parliament, which is a shame.
Until Europe's leaders acknowledge that their policies are the fundamental cause of the crises that persist, we will witness a deterioration of the economic, social and political situation, which will inevitably cause further social tension and more conflicts, with unforeseeable consequences.
Until now, it has seemed as if European contract law was something unnecessary and the general principle applies that if a provision is not necessary, then it should be omitted. I also believe that this report is a diversionary tactic, designed to draw attention away from the fact that something far more important, namely, EU-wide consumer protection, is still in need of improvement.
Until now, we have managed to achieve recognition through research and innovation, which guaranteed the production of innovative textile fibres.
Until recently, quantitative restrictions on imports originating in World Trade Organisation (WTO) member countries were in force, together with special safeguard provisions for textile products from the People's Republic of China.
Until the government manages to give its people another outlook for the future, other than one of austerity, it will not manage to revive its economy.
Until then, this piece of legislation will allow rapid authorisation of new textile fibres.
Until you deal with the foundations of this system, you will change nothing.
Up to now, a few committees have been using it, but I think we need to make much more extensive use of this instrument in our discussions in Parliament.
Up to now, only the voting shares in the IMF have been taken into account, which ensures a structural majority for the economically strong nations.
Up to now, the Commission has negotiated free trade agreements by providing a 'positive' list, listing services covered by the agreement one by one.
Use us as much as you can because we are writing today the next report for the common foreign and security policy and because the exceptional dynamic activity going on in 2011 gives us a chance to put our own house in order.
Using a judicial procedure to try to prevent Members of Parliament from expressing their point of view on matters of legitimate public interest and concern and from criticising their political opponents is unacceptable in a democratic society and constitutes a breach of Article 8 of the Protocol on Privileges and Immunities of the European Union, which aims to protect its members' freedom of expression. I wholly support this concept.
Using tactics like those of bully-boys and racketeers, they dangle promises in front of unsuspecting people, but I think the message has got to be that if an offer seems to be too good to be true, then most probably it is. These companies are like predatory sharks and they should be stopped.
Using the economic crisis as an excuse to weaken existing limit values (when they have already entered into force) sets an unfortunate precedent for other EU environmental legislation rewarding non-compliance and punishing those companies that have made the necessary investments to comply with the legislation in time.
Valuable inventions are being made in many of the new Member States but due to lack of funding, the researchers are forced to sell them to other countries and companies for a few thousands, whereas their real worth can be measured in millions.
Various assets got parked there, under the heading of Hold to Maturity, which would have been moved if they had not lost value.
Various other corrections and compensations have since been added, making the EU revenue mechanism entirely inequitable and anything but transparent.
Verbatim, the report states (in paragraph 14) that '[The European Parliament] stresses that parents, both mothers and fathers, are equal partners in ECEC [early childhood education and care]; (...)'. This wording expresses deep mistrust of the family and the globally recognised right of parents to care for and bring up their children.
Verification that new Member States meet the conditions necessary for the application of every part of the Schengen acquis is a precondition for the EU Council of Ministers adopting a decision to abolish border checks at internal borders with these countries, after it has consulted the European Parliament.
Verification that new Member States meet the conditions necessary for the full application of the Schengen acquis is a precondition for the adoption of the Council decision to abolish border checks at internal borders, after it has consulted the European Parliament.
Verifying their compatibility with the standards proposed by Canada is vital to ensuring the effectiveness of the final agreement. I think that close attention must also be paid to the impact of the drilling issue and oil surveys on the negotiations.
Very often, deceptive trade practices are also going on. In fact, they have been prohibited in the European Union since 2005, but we can see that there is too little clarity about the country of manufacture when it comes to made-in labels.
Vice-President of the Commission/High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy.
Vice-President/High Representative Ashton, you have very clearly heard this morning that Parliament will fully support your leadership role and is demanding that you take the initiative in our common foreign and security policy.
Viewed from this angle, too, she is an outstanding candidate. I hope that, with this backing, we are able to give you a little extra push to put forward Mrs Lagarde's case as the next occupant of the role of Managing Director of the IMF.
Violation of fundamental principles and rights at work cannot be used as a legitimate comparative advantage and we must insist, in bilateral and multilateral relations with our partners, that decent work standards are properly complied with.
Violations of labour norms by third countries also contribute to excessively high duties in developed countries and in the European Union's Single Market, so we must not fail to follow the ILO's conditions if we want to be competitive.
Vocational education and training are proving, in this context, to be a new opportunity, a new way of enabling European citizens' lives to return to normal. I am alarmed by the high youth unemployment rate. I believe that with the right education and ongoing training, many young people in Europe will manage to find themselves a well-paid job, appropriate to their vocational training or retraining. I congratulate the rapporteur for this dossier. I conclude, along with Nadja Hirsch, that if we want to fulfil these wishes, vocational education and training need to be clearly results-orientated.
Vocational education and training have to be treated as a long-term common political priority, which can be translated into reality only with the participation and commitment of all stakeholders: as well as the EU institutions and the Member States, those involved at local and regional level must use their influence to make this happen.
Vocational education and training make it possible to move around freely within the labour market, according to the changing economic situation and the demands of a particular economic sector.
Vocational education and training should be accessible, available and affordable at all times of life, regardless of people's status on the labour market or of their income.
Vocational education and training should create the conditions conducive to labour mobility, both during initial studies and as part of the lifelong learning process.
Voluntary corporate social responsibility is a good thing but the primary role in promoting and protecting human rights belongs to states and international organisations.
Voting in favour of a resolution is unfortunately the only thing Parliament can do to be heard in the negotiations of the Fisheries Partnership Agreement (FPA). At present, Parliament can only have its say once the negotiations have ended, which leaves it no other option than to either approve these agreements or reject their ratification, thus leaving it very little room for manoeuvre.
Waiving his immunity allows this to happen. I am therefore voting against his request to protect his parliamentary immunity.
Wanting something is one thing; putting it into practice is quite another. I have doubts about the efficiency of the red tape and I question the objectivity of the intention to produce environmental economic accounts, to record material flows and to evaluate individual products, including plants, in terms of CO2 emissions.
Was it the case that there was too little willingness on the part of the Member States to support Frontex accordingly?
Was not this an opportunity missed to talk about corruption and bribery at the G8, especially as one of the members, Russia, is 154th out of 178 and many of our own Member States show poorly on the Transparency International index?
Ways of life, traditions and models which are socially acceptable in some EU Member States are foreign to Russia.
Ways of moving from informal or undeclared work to regular employment will be covered by the guiding principles on enabling conditions for job creation which the Commission announced in the communication on the Europe 2020 flagship initiative, 'An agenda for new skills and jobs'. We will be putting forward those guiding principles next year. A number of Member States have useful experience in working to reduce the informal sector and precarious employment, for example, by introducing service voucher systems.
We European partners would like to see in Azerbaijan an ongoing dialogue with civil society, a press which enjoys freedom of expression and can report without any political pressure so as to provide the public with correct information, as well as free, uncensored access to the Internet to facilitate communication between Azerbaijan and Europe.
We Greeks gave Europe its name and we made a decisive contribution to what we refer to as 'European civilisation' and 'European values'. What are we Greek politicians and the Greek people asking for? We are asking for your respect and your solidarity.
We MEPs - who are known to be responsible for expressing the political will of our citizens, and for implementing and assessing the long-term sustainability of their requests - must have an overall vision, and we must know how to defend it against the other institutions.
We Swedish Social Democrats have chosen to grant discharge to the Commission for the financial year 2009.
We Swedish Social Democrats support the Commission's proposal to suspend all duties on certain imports from Pakistan for a limited time following the floods there last year.
We absolutely have to stop the increasing land abandonment, because we need people.
We accepted this challenge, however, and set about fulfilling our obligations.
We advocate respect for human rights, including the rights of workers, and for social and environmental standards and democratic principles and for this to always be included as conditions in a trade agreement.
We advocate the principle, enshrined in the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, that access conceded to the EU must relate to quantities that Mauritania's fleet is unable to catch.
We agree that a verification clause should be introduced and that the Commission should report regularly on the implementation of the regulation in practice.
We agree that in certain contexts, the EU must strive to speak with a single voice in order to be stronger on the global stage and to represent the desires that are common to all its Member States, but that cannot come about at the cost of the Member States' freedom to draw up their own foreign policies.
We agree that research is not a synonym for innovation; innovation stands on its own, though it might derive from research.
We agree that the cultural and creative industries are a powerful motor not only for jobs, growth and export earnings, but also for social inclusion and cultural and linguistic diversity, as well as intercultural dialogue within the European Union and beyond.
We agree with a GNSS that can support the development, modernisation and diversification of public services, especially in the area of transport.
We agree with a global navigation satellite system that can support the development, modernisation and diversification of public services, especially in the area of transport.
We agree with the idea of taking a 'territorial' approach in the early stages of the programming period in order to channel 'convergence' and 'competitiveness and employment' funding towards a number of priority projects, such as trans-European transport networks (TEN-Ts), as identified in advance and agreed with programme partners, in keeping with the basic tenets of multi-level governance and European partnership.
We agree with the need to plan and organise the radio spectrum on the basis of the necessary cooperation between Member States, as it is a public good, which is important in improving services, particularly public services.
We agree with the rapporteur that it is necessary to submit a tiered strategy that should show how the new approach can be used pragmatically in day-to-day political work.
We agree with the renewal of this fisheries protocol, which is important in order to ensure the survival of long-distance fishing fleets from the Member States, a section of the fleets that has been particularly affected by the crisis in the fisheries sector in recent years.
We agree, finally, on the need to allocate new European funds to support basic services, notably education, health, agriculture, food security and institutional capacity building.
We agree, furthermore, that all the parties should engage in continued and constructive dialogue to address post-referendum issues, including common borders, citizenship arrangements for citizens both north and south, and the sharing of oil revenues.
We agree, in this vein, with the importance of more widespread information for investors and that market participants should only be authorised to invest in derivative financial instruments if they can prove to have an understanding and ability to assess the credit risk that the product carries.
We agree: investment in research and development, in trans-European networks for transport, energy and telecommunications should be increased.
We all agree that the budget should match our ambitions. I would go so far as to say that, on this issue, we should be innovative by being consistent.
We all agree that this involves all aspects of education, training and research, and that the entrepreneurial side is also important.
We all agree, yes, that we should not eat clones, but we all know that nobody is going to eat clones.
We all have to act in reforming our societies.
We all know how European citizens have lost and keep losing their confidence in Europe and, let us be honest, in us MEPs.
We all know that at some point, there will be a restructuring of the debt, for instance in Greece, for the simple reason that the Greek Government needs to be given the chance to regain confidence and that Greek society needs to be restructured.
We all know that it is a prerequisite for incorruptibility, for reputable work by the police, that they must be well paid. I therefore hope that my information is inaccurate and that the police, who are performing a service in the interests of these countries and of the security of the entire European Union, will continue to be well paid in the future, too, so that they are not susceptible to bribery.
We all know that the new Treaty calls for new fields of competence to be reflected in the next MFF.
We all know that this free movement is one of the fundamentals of our European Union - something which is really tangible for our citizens and something of value which we all have to safeguard.
We all know that we rely on the specialism and expertise of professionals outside this House to produce top class drafting.
We all know that, as well as showing solidarity with Pakistan's flood-hit populations, another fundamental reason for granting aid lies in the decision to support Pakistan's counterterrorism efforts.
We all know that, unlike some other EU partners in the Far East, we share common values of democracy, human rights and the liberal market economy with Japan, making her a more natural partner for the European Union.
We all know well that Member States that belong to the UN Security Council (France, the United Kingdom and Germany) failed to act in concert and come up with a single position vis-à-vis military intervention in Libya, in particular, with regard to the vote on the UN Security Council Resolution 1973. I would therefore urge EU Member States to strive for a common position on issues vital to international peace and security, especially in areas where there is already a broad international consensus.
We all know well that, if we adopt our proposal today, we will be asking for a derogation from the decision of the European Parliament and the Council.
We all remember the outcome of the first flotilla and its consequences for talks and attempts to resume the peace process in the Middle East.
We all want public finances to be controlled responsibly, but the goal of reducing debt is not sufficient to kick-start growth and competitiveness.
We already acknowledged in February during the Hungarian Presidency that as far as the technical standards were concerned, Romania was ready, while Bulgaria still had some homework to do. I am happy to announce that Sch-eval, the Schengen Evaluation Group has now found that Bulgaria has done that work.
We already have problems in Portugal today; we already have problems in Ireland today.
We also agree that traceability and origin are extremely important, and this is also the type of information that consumers are very keen to have.
We also aim to support research, development, innovation, employment and SMEs. I believe, in fact, that investment in these areas is the only way of pulling Europe out of the crisis and that, even in times of austerity, the EU budget can be an important tool for stimulating European action.
We also ask for new labelling technologies, such as microchips and Radio-Frequency Identification (RFID), to be used in order to combat product counterfeiting.
We also ask that our attitude be guided solely by the desire to serve the people and, in that context, want the United States to be tried for human rights violations, as well as the Member States of the European Union found guilty of complicity.
We also asked the Commission to tackle this problem at the time of the negotiations on the free trade agreement and we invited the Indian Government to do its utmost to eradicate the deep causes of this phenomenon and to put an end to it.
We also believe that enhanced transparency and accountability are crucial, in order to strengthen peer support and peer pressure, and that Parliament should have a stronger role in the surveillance process, but not an executive role.
We also believe that it is very important to improve the efficiency of the EU's administrative expenditure, and one way of doing this is to increase the transparency of the process for distributing and using this expenditure.
We also believe that the burden should fall on those who are responsible for the economic crisis, hence the idea of a tax on financial transactions, and not those who are its victims, for example the citizens of Greece.
We also believe that the draft decision which has been published deserves support, and we think that those elements are particularly good which underscore and highlight that the aim here is to create decent working conditions and regulated employment in a field where, indeed, mainly migrant workers are concerned, particularly in certain countries, in a totally unregulated and uncontrolled manner, and very often in the form of a kind of modern slavery.
We also believe the Commission should provide Parliament with a detailed explanation in cases where it considers it unnecessary to assess the impact of its decisions.
We also believe, particularly in view of the current economic situation, that Parliament must review its expenditure and identify savings and ways to increase efficiency.
We also call for more money, to clear our conscience, but there is a lot of Arab money which is not invested in Arab democracy and Arab prosperity.
We also called for information to be provided on the particular issues that the lobbyists were concerned with.
We also celebrate the outstanding, politically-committed writer, who collaborated, in particular, on our European Book Prize programme, and the reassured pro-European politician.
We also continue to have concerns about the detention of human rights defenders, journalists, opposition politicians and peaceful student protestors.
We also deplore the fact that the right-wing in Parliament rejected the amendment designed to ensure equal treatment of European and Indian workers.
We also favour regular checks by a common secretariat.
We also found it important that young people's entry into their careers should not be associated with social dumping and that it must not take place under conditions of dumping.
We also have a positive view of the principle that the European Parliament should have a common air miles system to provide the benefit of cheaper air travel, even though we find it difficult to see how this could be implemented in practice.
We also have access to the European Financial Stabilisation Mechanism, which can offer support at EU level to any Member State, whether inside or outside the eurozone.
We also have one of the greatest challenges facing the European Union in front of us. As rapporteur for the European Parliament report on nation building, I have to say that this is an extraordinary opportunity for us to partner South Sudan, one of the poorest and newest 'countries-to-be' on 9 July, and make nation building - that we keep talking about in this Chamber - a reality on the ground.
We also have other plans to ensure that Parliament remains open, since it is very important that it does.
We also have to do something about the way the European Arrest Warrant system operates.
We also hope that Russia will make a positive contribution to resolving the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict.
We also hope that the Commission - and I am sure that Mrs Vassiliou will take action to ensure this happens - will submit a White Paper on cultural and creative industries as soon as possible in order to strengthen this cross-sectoral strategy throughout Europe and the Member States.
We also insist on the importance of learning two non-native languages from an early age, including those of neighbouring countries.
We also maintain that Member States implementing structural reforms which contribute to job preservation or creation and to reduction of poverty should be given the opportunity to deviate from their respective medium-term budgetary objectives.
We also maintain the same reservations and concerns with regard to possible progress in terms of the militarisation of the Caucasus region as a result of the tensions with Russia, bearing in mind the region's energy wealth and geostrategic importance, which arouses the greed of the EU and its monopolies.
We also must have stricter rules in order to protect workers, better monitoring and strengthening of the powers of investigation by the competent authorities in order to be able to carry out regular assessments of nuclear safety, enquiries and inspections.
We also need Member States to show political will and, above all, solidarity among themselves by offering the requisite technical and human resources.
We also need a mechanism for allocating the overall number of immigrants between all Member States.
We also need far more research funding in Europe.
We also need productive cooperation between the various stakeholders. I saw a very good example of that at Santiago de Compostela University, which tracked research all the way until a new company was founded.
We also need sound accountability when it comes to our own general expenditure allowance.
We also need to become much better in immediately assisting Member States which are in difficulties for one or other reason, and we need to clarify under what circumstances border controls might be reintroduced.
We also need to develop indicators that reflect the household level more accurately: income, consumption and wealth.
We also need to encourage businesses to avail themselves of the opportunities in e-commerce and establish a European-wide patent.
We also need to enhance the Competition and Innovation Programme (CIP). I believe that, in the CIP in particular, information and communications technology should be used to provide the necessary equipment and hardware to allow researchers to communicate faster, better and more efficiently using the latest technology.
We also need to improve the rules on the submission of reports by firms of lobbyists regarding their outlays on lobbying activities.
We also need to know how to prevent the values we defend from being hijacked.
We also need to promote the 25% reduction of administrative burden indicated in the SBA, which would contribute to the effectiveness of the SBA, would counteract any protectionist economic policies of Member States and stimulate business across the EU. Member States must swiftly implement the revised Late Payments Directive to effectively combat late payments and their negative impact, particularly on SMEs.
We also need to reduce labour market segmentation.
We also note the considerable progress that the Internet represents for our societies, even if it brings new challenges such as guaranteeing access for all and the economic model of the cultural sector.
We also plan to set up a cybercentre where we could coordinate at European level the efforts that are being made in the different Member States.
We also reiterate the importance of rendering humanitarian aid to Sudan and South Sudan and appeal to international creditors to alleviate the debt of Sudan and South Sudan. I would also add that it is necessary to strengthen monitoring, to deploy more experts, to render financial aid to the region and to arrange higher education in EU universities free of charge for talented youth. I voted in favour.
We also remind the Member States that they must go even further, bringing in legislation to introduce fairer and more efficient tax systems that include all the external costs mentioned, and we urge the Commission to continue to work so that its future proposal on this matter may prove more ambitious.
We also see a need for a review of the EU's own resources system.
We also share the rapporteur's concern about the problem of piracy in the Indian Ocean, which is increasingly affecting fishing.
We also support the proposals that the financing of waste management must be guaranteed over suitably long periods.
We also think that it is positive that it stresses that the administrative burden is relatively higher the smaller the company is, and therefore calls for differentiation between micro, small and medium-sized enterprises.
We also think that research and innovation in the European Union can only be developed by cutting red tape, simplifying and converging procedures, developing applied research and making it easier for small and medium-sized enterprises to access funding.
We also think that the tests should be carried out on other facilities, such as research reactors, and in respect of other threats, such as the fallout from a terrorist attack or a plant's structural weaknesses.
We also took the view that there was no easy divide between civil and military waste, given that civilians may well handle military waste these days.
We also underlined the importance of providing information and genuine consultation with workers concerning the safety case and safety assessments, not only of sites dealing with spent fuel and radioactive waste, but also as regards how these should be transported, and the need for a rigorous and effective inspection regime with sanctions that are effective, dissuasive and proportionate.
We also understand that in the first half of next year, the Danish Presidency wishes to develop indicators in this field with a particular focus on climate change. A report is to be prepared by the European Gender Equality Institute and specific conclusions could be adopted by the Council on this issue towards the end of the Danish Presidency semester.
We also urge greater efforts to decrease the frequency of refunding non-eligible expenditures, and we would like to draw the attention of the Commission to the need to accelerate decision-making processes relating to financial adjustments.
We also urgently need to ensure that Mauritania requires that third countries with which it establishes other agreements should respect the same rules followed by vessels flying the EU flag, so preventing competitive inequalities that put the EU fleet at a disadvantage.
We also want Europe to continue to ensure the safety of deliveries and prices, and worthily defend its position in the world.
We also want to maintain aid for the distillation of potable alcohol and emergency distillation beyond 2012, and we uphold the 'existence of market regulation instruments and intervention mechanisms to ensure fair prices for production', thus countering the deregulating trend of previous CAP reforms.
We also want to see that all licence holders ensure thorough and ongoing training of all involved in dealing with these substances, including subcontractors - potentially a weak link in the safety chain - casual workers and all others working on site, whatever their job.
We also welcome the fact that the arguments put forward during the conciliation procedure have been presented here.
We always advocate the EU's need to grant assistance in solidarity with countries that need it, and for this assistance to be directed at projects that serve the interests of the people.
We and Her Majesty's Government agree that spending should be increased in those areas that add value.
We applaud the measures that some Member States have taken, such as dividing tenders into lots and improving electronic access to information from centralised websites and interactive web pages, but we do not think that this is sufficient.
We are able to propose an alternative to this austerity model which, as we can see from Greece, is proving to be extremely limited.
We are against the report, however, insofar as the rapporteur wishes to add further accounting modules. A first-reading agreement was reached with the Council on the basis that the introduction of the new modules proposed by the rapporteur would be subject to evaluation under the review clause so that, where appropriate, changes or improvements can be made to the quality of the data and the methods by which it is gathered.
We are all agreed that a strong second pillar is important.
We are all aware that broadcasting knows no borders.
We are all aware that one very frequent feature of cross-border areas is a higher than average unemployment rate, however, with significant interregional differences, as well as a high level of hidden unemployment caused by the lack of people out of work signing on.
We are all called on to continue to ensure a fair balance of interests for all parties concerned. I hope that we will succeed in doing so in future, too.
We are all concerned about the effects of climate change, environmental conservation and various issues relating to health and social well-being, which are inseparable from the rational use of transport. I agree that applying the 'polluter pays' principle, as well as trying to safeguard the public interest, results, and must result, in measures primarily aimed at reducing environmental pollution, noise pollution, damage to the countryside, and social costs that arise due to poor health, because these generate substantial economic costs that are borne by the public at large, and thus by Europe's citizens.
We are all united in this Chamber in utterly rejecting acts of terrorism and in expressing our support for the victims of these attacks.
We are already preparing for the task of consulting consumers on some fundamental questions, namely: what kind of information is important and how should it be made available; in what way should technological developments, such as electronic commerce, affect the purchase of textile products; to what extent does the growing need for traceability, sustainability and corporate social responsibility influence the textile fibre market; how can we make better use of available technology in the digital age; how can we, as institutions of the European Union, adapt our laws to the growing needs of citizens regarding ethical, social and environmental issues.
We are also already planning the third batch, so the work is ongoing and will be continued.
We are also asking you to coordinate management of the EGF, in collaboration with your fellow commissioners, with other policies that have an impact in this area, for example, in the field of competition or industrial policy.
We are also aware that there is a double standard protecting the economic interests of European arms manufacturers, which have made millions by selling arms to dictators who have subsequently used them to massacre their own people and those of neighbouring states.
We are also currently completing a study on the problems associated with licensing and official authorisation, company transfer and bankruptcy procedures in the Member States.
We are also entrusting a few tasks to the European Investment Bank and the European Commission.
We are also exploring the feasibility of a safeguard system which would allow the adoption of decisions at European level to confront possible difficult situations where our common external borders are subject to exceptional pressure or where Member States are failing to comply with their obligations to control their borders.
We are also having very intense discussions on services and the contours of a possible package are getting clearer, but some of our key interests concern sectors where legislative reform is still ongoing or being contemplated in India.
We are also looking at how we can strengthen the evaluation of Schengen in order to make sure, beforehand, that the current peer review system, which is not very good, is exchanged for something that is done at a European level, with an increased role for the European Parliament.
We are also particularly pleased that there are substantial references to young farmers, who to some extent represent the future of agriculture.
We are also preparing a communication on the fundamental aspects of competitiveness in the fashion industry.
We are also ready to discuss aspects of the possible role of the Council with Parliament and the Commission, of course without delaying the entry into force of the agreement between these two institutions.
We are also responsible for making the implications clear to the European public, which is why the involvement of Parliament in the issuing of the mandate, as called for by several of my fellow Members, must be central.
We are also seeking to facilitate Member States' access to the various funds under migration by simplifying and by making it easier when it comes to borders, asylum, integration, etc.
We are also trying to improve the work of the European Defence Agency and to take up some of the challenges that we have clearly seen in the responses that we have had in recent weeks, especially in Libya.
We are also well aware that some Member States have gone in for nuclear power in such a way that it would not be easy for them to switch to alternatives.
We are also working with the Member States on recoveries, and we submitted a lot of information to the rapporteur about the situation in relation to recoveries. I think that, working together, we can find ways of improving the situation here.
We are also working with the government in Ukraine to ensure that the plan to shelter the Chernobyl reactor core can be completed.
We are asking India to change its attitude and to soften its 'no' stance at the World Trade Organisation (WTO) as a tangible sign of good-neighbourly relations.
We are asking for greater involvement of local partners where the Investment Bank cofinances projects, we are asking for more direct and less theoretical reporting and we are asking for a general audit of all funds of the European Investment Bank.
We are asking you to have the same interest in saving these lives.
We are at a crucial moment, when Europe's economic future is being decided in the shape of the economic governance package.
We are at an historic moment for the world and you have the opportunity to lead the EU's international role with, for example, initiatives such as the one you have announced of opening a Union office in Benghazi.
We are aware of how sensitive this area is. Is there any more you can tell us in this connection? Is this a one-off, or will there be further discussion? Will you be putting this on the agenda again?
We are aware of the contribution that some of these guidelines may make towards appreciably and temporarily improving the workings of the financial system.
We are aware that at least 20 of our own Member States have already commented on the draft and been actively involved in this.
We are aware that the minimal proposal falls short of our aspirations by a long stretch, but our vote is also an expression of our confidence that the process will not end here and that an important step has been taken by acknowledging the need to internalise transport costs.
We are aware that the very high dependence on road transport is a real problem; in Portugal, dependence on this mode of transport is even greater than the EU average.
We are being given by our interpreters the choice to vote 'no' after you have said 'Εγκρίνεται' ['Adopted']. I am not aware that the ability to speak Greek is required of MEPs.
We are by far the leaders in addressing the needs of people in Libya.
We are calling for an end to all civil/military collaboration and to the military training mission.
We are calling for controls on reports by these agencies, for certain basic principles to be adopted, and for liability for compensation to be introduced for losses caused to states which were poorly evaluated or misleadingly evaluated. I also propose that basic accounting principles be introduced and applied in all the Member States of the European Union, so as to highlight the value, the official valuation of the property of these states, so that we have assets and liabilities and these states cannot be left prey to the whims of rating agencies and the parties they represent.
We are calling for more resources to improve the infrastructure in our border regions and to strengthen the Trans-European Networks.
We are calling on you not to wait for months, but to come to grips with this issue straight away.
We are celebrating the 61st anniversary of Robert Schuman's momentous declaration which paved the way for the creation of the European Union, and we have now achieved a great deal together.
We are clearly against any such proposal, because it directly undermines the foundations of cohesion policy itself, especially the partnership and the integrated approach to regional development.
We are committed to the freedom of Ukraine to decide in which markets it wishes to be present and where it wishes to operate.
We are concerned about issues relating to payments in the Daphne programme combating gender violence, and we hope that over the years there will be greater sensitivity, and that we will really take the gender perspective into account in each and every one of the operational programmes undertaken in the EU.
We are concerned not just with the building work, but also with its overall integration into the surrounding area.
We are conscious of the competition issues that have arisen but we think that a better agreement could have been reached.
We are considering the whole debate, but the position of the Commission has already been clearly stated: we believe that the restructuring is not an alternative to the efforts that Member States have to make in terms of fiscal consolidation and structural reform.
We are counting on you to take the lead at that moment, in this new step towards the development of that European energy policy.
We are currently completing an impact assessment of the various possible approaches to resolving the problem that I just mentioned, including national inspection and mandatory national risk assessment plans and programmes, as well as more targeted training for national officials responsible for enforcing the provisions and, on the other side of the coin, for proving that those who declare waste to be second-hand goods are doing so fraudulently.
We are currently dealing with a system which is not able to deal with the current or future challenges Europe faces or the political views of its Member States.
We are currently discussing the fact that we do not want cloned animals because the animal welfare requirements are not being fulfilled, which gives rise to risks. I have spoken to the scientists and I predict that the technology will develop to such an extent that it will no longer be possible to apply a general ban on cloning animals.
We are currently evaluating whether it is satisfactory in terms of transparency, civic participation and public consultation, both in form and in substance. I can confirm that Mr Potočnik, the Commissioner for the Environment, will provide you with a comprehensive written answer during the next few weeks about whether it corresponds with the transparency and civic participation requirements of our directive.
We are currently getting to grips with the Commission's proposal, not only in terms of the new financial perspectives, but also in terms of future cohesion policy, post-2013.
We are currently looking at four agencies which reflect the fundamental problems of all the agencies, in other words, the overlap of responsibilities, for example, between the European Agency for Safety and Health (OSHA) and the European Foundation for the Improvement of Living and Working Conditions (Eurofound) and between OSHA and the European Maritime Safety Agency (EMSA), the European Railway Agency (ERA) and the European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA). There is also a significant overlap between the European Training Foundation (ETF) and the European Centre for the Development of Vocational Training (Cedefop). Given Europe's financial problems, why is it that we cannot bring ourselves to take some fundamental measures in this area and to combine those agencies whose responsibilities are very similar, such as the agency responsible for vocational training within Europe and the agency for vocational training outside Europe?
We are currently waiting for the Commission communication on the next multiannual financial framework, which will be published by the end of June.
We are currently witnessing radical changes in the international order; changes to which the European Union can no longer be a mere spectator. I think the European Union should see this as a starting point and take a truly active role in dealing with both current and emerging world powers, shaking off once and for all its reputation as a political dwarf in terms of international policy.
We are dealing with issues serious enough that you should take this seriously too, Mrs Malmström.
We are delighted that Parliament gave such strong support on 11 November 2010 to the concept of the innovation partnerships.
We are delighted that we will be welcoming a South Sudanese parliamentarian once South Sudan has signed and ratified the Cotonou Agreement within the Joint Parliamentary Assembly (JPA). We must continue to be attentive to the north; we must not ignore it or isolate it diplomatically.
We are directly elected by the citizens and we are determined to enforce our rights. I invite the governments to read the Treaty of Lisbon carefully, because I am sure they have not paid attention to all parts of it.
We are discussing extending a measure to which, in practice, they rarely have access.
We are discussing together how to play our part in the future of Libya - to support the national dialogue, to help with the constitution and to prepare for elections. I have sent two missions to Libya to meet with and work with young people and with the women in Libya.
We are entering a crucial stage in the EU-India free trade agreement negotiations.
We are faced with more bad news, then, this time from Spain, a country that has long struggled to maintain investor confidence.
We are faced, however, with ageing power plants and the practice of subcontracting. 80% of those who work in the nuclear industry are subcontractors.
We are fighting for human rights and these human rights are being violated in Guantánamo.
We are following this very closely, and Europol, together with the national authorities, is doing its utmost to try to combat this increasing crime.
We are gambling with the future of the EU itself. I would therefore like to call on all fellow Members to support Amendments 10 and 11, which reject the capping of payments.
We are given a mandate by those citizens to respect and to make others respect the fundamental Treaties of the European Union, which protect the rights of their citizens.
We are grateful to the Council for reintroducing visa sanctions and an asset freeze on the high Belarusian officials, which demonstrated that our deep concern for the people of Belarus is not only empty rhetoric.
We are having to express an opinion on a proposal for a directive on nuclear waste based on the Euratom Treaty and our Parliament only has a consultative opinion on this text, which is something I regret. I hope that the Council will take due account of our position.
We are hearing about the harassment of journalists and the intimidation of human rights activists, who are facing criminal charges.
We are holding it about one of the most brutal and bloodiest dictators on the continent of Europe. I find it totally unacceptable for a freely elected, democratic Member of my group to be compared with a bloodthirsty dictator. I feel that Parliament must also rebuff this, especially when it comes from the representative of a party that is characterised by a hate and persecution that it bestows on the Roma minority in Hungary that is unparalleled across Europe.
We are hoping for, counting on and working to ensure the success of the talks, so that the African Union and the international community, including the EU, can help and support Madagascar to return to the rule of constitutional law.
We are implementing a very systematic programme of fiscal consolidation in all Member States, and they are committed to bold structural reforms to boost growth and job creation.
We are improving our collaboration with NATO, sharing details of our operations for the first time as part of continuing to develop our relations.
We are in a situation once again where a debate is going on here in Parliament intended to condemn a Member State for something which it has not yet done.
We are in favour of a frugal policy and of savings where these are necessary, and we are in favour of restrictions and restructuring measures.
We are in favour of creating national budgetary frameworks that guarantee transparency, economic coordination and verification of compliance with European commitments.
We are in favour of this directive on roll-over protection structures on narrow-track wheeled agricultural and forestry tractors.
We are in the middle of what will be a long and complex journey, because we have to give answers to farmers and, at the same time, tackle the global challenges of food security.
We are in the process of drawing up a report on the subject with Mrs De Keyser as the rapporteur and we are evaluating what the requirements are. I must make it quite clear that we do not want a second European Initiative for Democracy and Human Rights (EIDHR), which is bureaucratic, slow, over-complex and unpolitical.
We are just suggesting that the Commission not turn its back on a sector that urgently needs aid, and this aid can, today, be an increase in de minimis aid.
We are leaving the tried and tested phasing-out/phasing-in system but are no longer offering any incentive.
We are living in extremely fragile post-crisis years and, in these times of scarce public resources, the sums at stake are substantial. EUR 26 billion has been programmed for the first three years.
We are living through a crisis on an extraordinary scale, which has been with us for a long time and threatens to stay even longer. A crisis like this worsens the public's living conditions and lowers their expectations for the future.
We are looking for speedy negotiations with the Council, so that this issue is not put on the long finger, but that a solution is found soon.
We are making headway on the tariff offers and are preparing the exchange of offers on services.
We are monitoring incidents involving arrests and political pressure on democratic activists, journalists and the political opposition.
We are mutually dependent and the level of that dependence is great, so now we are expecting real agreements that will lead to results.
We are no longer pretending to set budgets at national level except to 'build support'. This report shows approval for this state of affairs, to which a majority in Parliament contributed by voting for the introduction of the European Semester. I am voting against this report.
We are not allocating resources on an East-South cleavage but based on conditionality according to each partner's progress towards reform, or, if you like, more for more.
We are not asking whether Mr Sarkozy or Mrs Merkel are visiting a better or worse restaurant or purchasing a better or worse briefcase, or buying the clothes of this or that firm, but we are asking how they handle the public resources of taxpayers, and we are fully entitled to do this, and they are wholly obliged to provide this information.
We are not here to decide whether these people are guilty or innocent.
We are not just asking you for de minimis measures, Commissioner Damanaki: we ask that you look into opening up the European Fisheries Fund (EFF), and that you allow it to become more flexible, because of the inability - which you have acknowledged - of some Member States to contribute money and solve the problem.
We are not of course advocating spending for spending's sake.
We are not talking about something insignificant, but about one of the fundamental principles of the EU; freedom of movement. I am not convinced that we should sacrifice this to the current problems with controlling migration pressures from Africa.
We are not talking about the specific funds that are paid out, but rather a ceiling, and below this ceiling there must be scope for us to be able to deal with new challenges.
We are not there yet, but there is a lot of progress in Kosovo and we are working very closely with the government in order to support them and help them make progress.
We are now also going to be using our air miles on business flights and we are going to tackle paper consumption.
We are now faced with the annual report on the common foreign and security policy (CFSP), this time relating to 2009.
We are now going to do this with the help of several instruments, so that we can check that the undertakings made by all the partner countries are adhered to and implemented with determination. I am able to tell you that all of these programmes will be followed up not only by the Commission's offices but also by the High Representative, who will be appointing a special representative for the region in question.
We are now intensively negotiating on procurement, and this is the first time that India has negotiated a substantive procurement chapter including specific rules and market access commitments.
We are now talking about the second year of this 10-year programme.
We are of a mind to confirm our support for their full adhesion to the agreement, although we think it is essential for the two countries in question to inform us in writing, within six months, that additional measures to close these gaps have been implemented.
We are of the opinion that the intermediate category will help regions which need more support than the classic Objective 2 regions.
We are on that journey. I am not complacent about it at all, but I am realistic about exactly where we are.
We are on the periphery of Europe, with two sea bridges to mainland Europe where all of these extra charges for road use and pollution are going to apply. I understand from the exporters' association in Ireland that this would add EUR 150 per trip, or EUR 300 per round trip, for haulage from Ireland, which depends heavily on this type of haulage and also very heavily on exports.
We are on the way to redeploying and improving our resources in Eurostat in order to focus on our key priorities.
We are only making things possible, specifically, the application of a principle that we, Parliament, have been arguing for for a number of years, namely, the 'polluter pays' principle, the internalisation of external costs.
We are part of a Union, and our economies are interlinked in a number of ways: through the single market and, in many cases, through the sharing of the common currency and the deeper economic integration which that implies.
We are particularly pleased that there is support for small farms, which are fundamental because they are of great importance both for protecting the land and for the quality of the products produced on them.
We are paying too little attention to one factor in this context and that is intensive farming, both in large-scale buildings and in certain regions.
We are pleased that it supports the essential aspects of the Commission proposal, which is intended to be an important building block in the development of a comprehensive European legal and regulatory safety system at the highest possible level.
We are pleased that the Commission took this legislative initiative in April 2010, but in our opinion, it was much too tentative in the way it went about it. We in Parliament and all of the groups have called for this to be done much more quickly, because the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) and the United Nations have already been discussing these matters for 15 years.
We are pleased that this has been achieved and also quite proud of the result, however I must say that we are not happy with all aspects.
We are pleased with the nomination of Mr Mario Draghi as the future President of the European Central Bank (ECB), as he has shown that he has a professional profile of the level required for this prestigious office, as well as long-standing and recognised experience in the international financial and banking sector.
We are prepared to disseminate good projects which can provide employment and learning opportunities where young people live; but there are also many examples which provide opportunities to go and work in other countries. I believe that, especially at this time, we also have to draw the attention of young people to the need for mobility and to foreign opportunities.
We are prepared to put together technical assistance programmes which will accompany the difficult austerity measures the Greek authorities have to go through.
We are producing too much legislation that is implemented at various levels, and because of that the Internal Market is failing to function as it should. I am happy that this issue is being discussed in this case and I note that we have, indeed, improved a number of things on that score.
We are pushing, by all means, for ratification by the end of the year, the tenth anniversary, because it would prove an important commitment by all Member States to fighting these crimes.
We are ready actively to support them in that endeavour.
We are really talking about how we want things to be in the year 2020.
We are relatively lucky in the UK to have had only three reported cases, but that is today: tomorrow, things could change, and we must be vigilant.
We are relying on the fact that progress will be made by other governments throughout the world during other global conferences and also after the elections in the US in the late autumn of this year.
We are satisfied with all the indicators that have been selected, even though we would have liked one of them to have been income inequalities, as they are a very clear sign of both a poorly functioning economy and a poorly functioning society and should therefore act as a warning sign.
We are seeking to move away from historical and individual references towards area-based premiums.
We are sending the message that a society can only have a healthy economy when its members are able to contribute fully to its development. A healthy economy is the basis for a good level of employment and social policies, and vice versa, a good level of employment and social policies are preconditions for a healthy economy.
We are spending billions in subsidies, such as environmentally harmful subsidies, on things which we subsequently have to spend many more billions to put right.
We are still far from achieving that.
We are still prepared to work closely with the United States on further measures to close the detention camp.
We are strongly against the EU-India Free Trade Agreement because, even though that country is making progress in worker protection and health and in the fight against counterfeiting, we have to bear in mind that it is still an unfair competitor towards our businesses.
We are supporting the process, but the referendum definitely represents a watershed: it is a completely new qualitative situation.
We are talking about auctions not only to focus on an aspect of the market that should be reconciled with all the possible social uses for spectrum, but also to say that discretion should not be used and unfair advantages should not be given with regard to radio frequencies.
We are talking about energy which is supplied to Europe, and which should be covered by EU policy, in the same way as gas or other sources of energy.
We are talking about someone with an impeccable curriculum vitae and significant international experience in public and private institutions, someone who has always been extremely proactive (as for instance in his chairmanship of the Financial Stability Forum). His publications are testimony to an academic profile that is undoubtedly on a level with the tasks he has to carry out, and his experience in the monetary field must cast aside any doubts about his abilities.
We are talking about the 700 MHz frequency band, which also has an extraordinary capacity for mobile telephony and its development. I believe that is why we also have to view and evaluate the proposals made in the report very positively.
We are talking here about a project in Damüls-Mellau.
We are talking here about the confirmation by the finance ministers that EU funds have been spent correctly in their home countries.
We are talking of quality food!
We are therefore advocating a new system of evaluation for Schengen in order to be able to identify problems, respond accordingly, and make decisions if the problems persist.
We are therefore among those who believe that it should not be weakened, but rather preserved and strengthened. I agree with the remarks that Commissioner Malmström made to this effect a little while ago.
We are therefore faced with a truly cross-cutting issue requiring a coordinated approach at EU level that must seek to ensure that antimicrobials can remain an effective tool for combating disease, in both people and animals, must encourage prudent and responsible usage, and must limit any recourse to them to cases where it is strictly necessary.
We are therefore not indifferent to the potential linked to the existence of a common body of general standards and principles applicable to contract law, in terms of increasing cross-border transactions, of regulating e-commerce and of improving consumers' access to products.
We are therefore reaffirming our doubts about the limits to the potential uses of these programmes in a context of assumed EU-US competition regarding the functionalities and efficiencies of these systems.
We are therefore very pleased that the requirement for there to be no residues of hazardous substances in our textiles that could give rise to allergies was successfully voted through - and, as the Commissioner has just said, that we are to have a study carried out to ensure that this is the case.
We are therefore working very hard to bring this negotiation to a conclusion and there is a real opportunity to do so. India is clearly interested at the highest political level.
We are to describe the European semester in the legal text including the ample involvement of Parliament in the process.
We are told - and quite rightly - that radio spectrum is a scarce resource. I should like to point out that it is also a shared resource, that is to say, a resource over which no one can claim exclusive ownership or an 'entitlement'. If it is both a shared resource and a scarce resource, we need to understand how it is utilised today; in other words, we must carry out an in-depth study of all the stakeholders in the spectrum, including the civil security and military services.
We are trying to have a coordinated, responsible and coherent response to everything relating to migration and borders because it all goes together.
We are united in our determination to uphold the principles on which our Union is founded, against any populist temptation.
We are very firmly behind the Mbeki panel.
We are voting today on the extension of exceptional trade preferences such as tariff exemptions and trade preferences for Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia, and Kosovo until 2015.
We are well aware of how badly the Lisbon strategy turned out.
We are well aware that the long-term consequences of the catastrophe are still being experienced a full quarter century later.
We are working together on legal migration, we are trying to reinforce Frontex, and I have been promising you a paper on integration since my hearing last February and, already last year, we proposed better governance of Schengen.
We are working together with the Member States in a joint EU programming exercise to maximise the impact on the ground.
We are worried, extremely worried, because the worst thing that could happen is that we carry out stress tests in the near future and get the kinds of results which will provide the perfect excuse for many of the operators of very old power plants, including those in the area where I live, to keep them in operation even longer, instead of closing them.
We are, again with your support, addressing the shortcomings of our integrated financial market by toughening financial regulation and implementing the new supervisory architecture.
We are, and will continue to be, here to support and encourage it, certain that only through such struggle can change be instigated, and an alternative that is needed increasingly urgently put in place in Europe.
We are, however, extremely concerned about the recent violence and, as I said, the military occupation of the city of Abyei, which constitutes a clear violation of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement (CPA). We urge the parties to abstain from any further provocation and to negotiate the conditions for the long-term peaceful coexistence of local communities living in and around Abyei.
We are, indeed, at a crucial stage in our economic relations with Japan, and there are still some issues that need to be clarified. I therefore welcome this debate and look forward to hearing your views on how we should shape this relationship in the years to come.
We are, of course, open to more efficient use and better implementation. I agree that mistakes, arrests of innocent people, etc., should be avoided.
We arrived at a proposal of a 5% increase in appropriations for the next period compared with 2013.
We ask for responsibility for what has not been done, for what we have to do immediately, because there is a risk of further infection in Germany at the moment - it has the largest number of people affected - but Spain is not to blame.
We ask the Commission to assume its responsibilities and we ask the Council, which is not here, to meet the expectations of the European citizens when it comes to nuclear safety in Europe.
We ask you to set your sights higher to ensure that the European project continues on track and does not become stalled, because that would cost us our future.
We asked these heads of major Internet companies to tell us how they saw the future of this industry and, furthermore, we shared our concerns, our interests and our perception of the Internet with the different members of the G8. However, there was not really any negotiation in terms of specific results.
We assume that the US authorities have not yet decided whether Muhammed al-Nashiri and the five people accused of complicity in the terrorist attacks 10 years ago can be sentenced to death by the court. I can assure you that the European Union is monitoring the proceedings carefully and will regularly raise its concerns with regard to the death penalty and the fairness of the trial with the US authorities in an appropriate manner.
We attach great importance to overcoming the ongoing political crisis and the economic and social effects on the population of Madagascar which are increasing the burden placed on the people on a daily basis.
We await with great interest the study requested from the Commission, whom we thank once again for their cooperation, and I thank the Mr Tajani sincerely for having just committed himself to reducing the timescales involved, because the textile industry is in urgent need.
We believe in Europe, we believe in its policies and the need to finance them, because, Commissioner, the EU is not an expense but rather an added value for national policies.
We believe it is important to verify the reliability and comparability of the data in order to be able to make improvements and guarantee a high standard of environmental accounting.
We believe it is necessary to examine the possibility of warning consumers of such potential allergic reactions.
We believe it should be founded on cooperation and mutual benefit, mitigating the currently existing inequalities in national research systems, and reversing any trends towards concentration of scientific and human resources in the more developed countries, which is the same as in so-called 'centres of excellence'.
We believe that FP7 is a chance for the EU to make its research policy match its economic and social ambitions, in particular, by consolidating the European Research Area (ERA). In addition, research and development policies need to be territorialised and the Union must adopt an ambitious European research plan for defence technology with a view to enhancing the sector's industrial and technological base, while also improving the efficiency of military public spending.
We believe that all this is certainly able to facilitate, in an initial phase, an exchange of arguments between the committees concerned and that, in cases of major importance, it can also be useful in 'preparing the ground' for votes in plenary.
We believe that economic governance and national economic policy should be a matter of common concern for all the parties involved, and that there should be an emphasis on early detection and prevention of potentially harmful macroeconomic imbalances.
We believe that improving these relations can help make Europe more competitive, since Japan accounts for 9% of world GDP, or over 35% when its GDP is added to our own.
We believe that it is absolutely crucial that we understand the economic realities in Europe.
We believe that it is of fundamental importance to improve the transparency of the procedures used to identify total catches and guarantee the probity of all the mechanisms with regard to the corruption problem by reinforcing the accountability of the local government.
We believe that many of the proposals that you have drawn up are well-informed.
We believe that one point which Mr Swoboda mentioned, the subject of equal cross-border rights for public participation, is important.
We believe that the EU's Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS), consisting of the Galileo and EGNOS programmes, is an important step for Europe, firstly, as it ensures its autonomy and independence from other global navigation systems and, secondly, as it enables it to claim a share of this booming worldwide high-tech market.
We believe that the amendments adopted by the Committee on International Trade constitute a basis for finding such a solution.
We believe that the application satisfies the criteria of eligibility as established in the regulations of the EGF and we advocate its approval by putting forward our positive opinion of it. What remains crucial, however, is a revision of the regulations of the EGF to deal with the problem of multinational organisations that trigger redundancies through restructurings and transfers and, consequently, trigger the intervention of the EGF.
We believe that the conclusion of this protocol between the European Union and the Principality of Andorra, which extends customs security measures, will ensure that trade between both parties develops smoothly within a high level of customs security and will provide a set of rules to ensure that the Agreement and the EU acquis remain in alignment.
We believe that the enforcement of budgetary surveillance should always be subject to overarching objectives of the EU and, in particular, to the requirements of Article 9 TFEU relating to the promotion of a high level of employment, the guarantee of adequate social protection and the fight against social exclusion.
We believe that the enforcement of budgetary surveillance should always be subject to overarching objectives of the EU, and in particular to the requirements related to the promotion of a high level of employment, the guarantee of adequate social protection and the fight against social exclusion.
We believe that the impact assessments used by the European institutions should comply with certain principles.
We believe that the main objective of the European Urban Agenda is to serve the development and qualitative updating of the infrastructure and services in European cities.
We believe that the requirements for national budgetary frameworks should not only ensure that fiscal planning of Member States is based on realistic forecasts, but should also ensure that appropriate attention is given to the sustainability of their respective social protection systems, including pension and health care systems.
We believe that the sums of money involved should be measured in the same way, rather than the situation proposed now in which smaller operations are measured in increments of EUR 50 000, while larger ones are measured in larger increments, making it difficult to know exactly how much money is involved.
We believe that the wording of the report which makes cohesion policy subject to conditions that force the Member States to implement reforms is unclear and liable to misinterpretation.
We believe that there is a need to support public research and make its results available in a simple way, without bureaucracy, by promoting: productive and business activity, and small and medium-sized enterprises, in particular; the creation of skilled jobs, with rights; social progress and sustainable development.
We believe that there may be a need for Commission staff to have additional travel days - some can have long distances to travel and may need to change planes or other forms of transport several times.
We believe that they are essential for transforming what is too often a relationship of exploitation into a legal relationship.
We believe that what is needed is a comprehensive, legally binding agreement that concerns the political, economic and social system, and therefore includes all areas related to democracy, the rule of law, respect for human rights and particularly fundamental rights.
We believe that without budgetary consolidation and structural reforms, there will be no chance to promote our objective: a social market economy.
We believe that, exceptionally, trade preferences can be conceded, provided that they take into account the sensitivity of European industry and, in particular, of the textile industry, which is suffering badly from the consequences of the crisis in regions like the Community of Valencia in Spain.
We believe the time has come for a European political initiative, in conjunction with our other partners, to bring about a ceasefire and to hold negotiations that will put an end to the Gaddafi regime and begin a transition to an inclusive democracy. NATO's military intervention is clearly unlikely to solve anything and it will do well to adhere scrupulously to the mandate of the UN resolution, avoiding any disproportionate use of force.
We believe, therefore, that effective coordination will bring real benefits from the point of view of efficiency and improvements to sound budgetary management.
We broadly supported the draft report and submitted a series of amendments which have mostly been included, for instance: an emphasis on green priority objectives: energy and climate change, resource efficiency, regeneration of biological resources and promoting social cohesion; addressing eco-innovation at all stages, including design, through the adoption of a properly funded and ambitious eco-innovation action plan, as well as the adoption of a strategy for promoting product/service systems and function-oriented business models; promoting the use of open standards as drivers for innovation and open access to publicly funded research, as well as focusing public financing on socially valuable fields where knowledge is created as a public good, such as inducement prizes in the health sector (we also tried, with varying degrees of success, to propose better wording for IPR issues); we managed to retain the wording welcoming the Commission's efforts to prevent IPR from constituting a barrier to competition and innovation.
We call again for Catalan to be recognised as an official language in the European Parliament, just as many other Catalan MEPs have been doing over the last 25 years.
We call for more funds for innovation, but I think that, for consistency's sake, as we have also done in other cases, we must avoid prejudicing through this report the future of the cohesion policy, the common agricultural policy and the multiannual financial framework. I hope that this amendment will receive majority support tomorrow.
We call for the immediate release of political prisoners and for the direct return of political exiles. A return to constitutional order is a condition for the return to normality in Madagascar.
We call on him to end this futile crackdown, to release all political prisoners and instead to restore Belarus to the path of genuine, pluralist, multi-party democracy.
We call on the Commission to exclude sectors such as culture, education and public health from the scope of the agreements.
We call on the authorities in Kiev to ensure that the justice system operates on an impartial, independent and transparent basis by giving the defendants a fair trial.
We call on the government there to respond positively to the recommendations of the UN's panel of experts, which highlighted war crimes and crimes against humanity on the parts of both the Sinhalese and the LTTE.
We call on you, Baroness Ashton, to intensify your efforts to build a consensus among the Member States and to make use of your multiple functions to improve consistency between the CSDP, the common foreign and security policy and the other facets of the Union's external action.
We can all agree on that, but the one thing - the elephant in the room - that nobody has talked about this afternoon is the fact that the court cannot look at the prima facie evidence against the accused person and exercise any discretion about whether they should be extradited or not.
We can all see the incredibly sensitive situation in Europe and especially in the eurozone which has required different countries to work together in a way that has never been seen before.
We can also develop the potential for cultural and social development that this dual purpose permits and requires.
We can also remember how well representation of the Union worked in the World Trade Organisation or in the Food and Agriculture Organisation.
We can also see, however, that confidentiality is necessary in certain cases.
We can become competent only when such matters are translated into legislation.
We can clearly see in Libya that the United States did not want to be in the front line and that NATO's minimum undertaking is insufficient.
We can do a great deal, working with the UN, to establish these new states, particularly South Sudan, and to ensure that they do not have civil wars, as often happens when new states occur.
We can do whatever we like with regard to sovereign debt, but if we do not clean up the banking sector, we will achieve nothing. I simply wanted to draw your attention to what is going to happen and to how these famous backstop measures will enable action to be taken at the end of the stress tests.
We can go even further and say that innovation constitutes a necessary means of helping respond to many of the problems and challenges facing humankind today.
We can help Russia come to terms with its past.
We can no longer be naïve: the survival of our businesses and our jobs depends on this.
We can no longer ignore social and economic dumping in emerging countries, China in particular, which are winning contracts with rock-bottom prices in the countries of the Union, without regard for social rights and legislation on State aid, whereas the markets of these countries remain inaccessible to European companies.
We can note a marked improvement in the situation of SMEs, but progress still needs to be made. SMEs continue to come up against considerable problems in expanding their activities, and sometimes even in surviving.
We can observe that both institutions have a lot in common as regards sound financial management and European added value.
We can only deplore this policy of double standards when it comes to applying social rights.
We can only successfully support such modernisation, however, if people can come together easily in order to learn from each other and exchange experiences.
We can only try to improve the trust between Member States by having a more vigorous governance over Schengen; to make sure that we evaluate, not by the peer-review system we have today, but through an independent mechanism on a European communitarian basis with the involvement of the European Union in order to identify problems or weaknesses in the Schengen system very early on and also make sure that we have tools at our disposal to immediately assist Member States that are in difficulty.
We can only wish all the best for the efforts made domestically, which are probably very painful politically and costly for the government undertaking these measures. I admit that the leakage is fuelling speculation and causing a deterioration in the conditions for a potential recovery in Greece.
We can probably put the underlying situation right in the longer term, but it shows how wrong it is to jump to conclusions at a very early point. I can understand the anger - if there is anger and I am sure there is - from the Spanish side and from those who have lost their business.
We can raise resources by using instruments such as project bonds and Eurobonds, which must, however, be managed with the utmost rigour so as not to risk the creation of further debt, which would be dangerous.
We can react rapidly and effectively only if we know the true situation. I have therefore supported the report submitted and I expect the Commission to submit in the near future a proposal for measures to monitor the use of antibiotics in the animal husbandry sector.
We can see that a politically created credit rating body could be a way of putting pressure on the large private agencies.
We can see that action is being taken and that things are being done at our request - such as the intervention in the voluntary pension fund - that were absolutely necessary in order to avert the immediate insolvency of this fund in 2009.
We can see the vital need to improve competitiveness and rebuild public finances in a sustainable manner.
We can take two important lessons from the recent crisis: the need for sustainable public finances, and the urgent need to work towards increased coordination of economic policy between the Member States, with an emphasis on prevention.
We can therefore say in good faith that we will not succeed in achieving the objectives of the Europe 2020 strategy unless we support small and medium-sized enterprises and unless we make it easier for them to make full use of the single market.
We can think of Objective 3, European territorial cooperation, as the 'poor relation of the Structural Funds'. Despite the fact that the population in cross-border areas amounts to nearly 200 million, this objective is granted only 2.52% of cohesion funding.
We cannot absolve the Greeks of responsibility here and I will say quite frankly that the Greeks were not the first to contravene the Stability and Growth Pact; rather it was the two big ones, Germany and France.
We cannot accept the impunity of those responsible and of the authors of these crimes.
We cannot accept this unfair departure from trade policy rules because we are aware of the need to consider other factors, too, in our discussions.
We cannot afford for this to happen any longer.
We cannot allow it to be the case that the level of our schools continues to fall and fall because so many children quite simply cannot understand the teaching.
We cannot allow ourselves, the European Union, to be left behind in discord and indecision.
We cannot allow the common agricultural policy (CAP) to have its budget cut, because that would mean that agriculture is probably worth less in Europe.
We cannot allow the interinstitutional agreements, or common understandings or anything else, to restrict the power of this Parliament that has been conferred on us by the Treaty, and therefore this text cannot be allowed to proceed.
We cannot allow these companies to move with impunity from one Member State to another and even out of the EU, taking advantage of the principle of free movement of people and goods throughout the Schengen area.
We cannot and should not sit back and allow the arrival of 30 000 refugees on the shores of Italy or Greece to undermine the pillars of the EU. Obviously, Italy is right to have requested European solidarity in tackling this problem.
We cannot be blind to the fact that recent events have revealed a problem in Schengen governance which we have to solve.
We cannot bring ourselves to see the logic: that jamming together countries with widely divergent conditions and needs into a single currency was bound to cause precisely the strains that some of us were predicting 10 years ago when the project was launched.
We cannot build walls like these between the decisionmakers and the people and alienate one from the other in this way.
We cannot conceal, though, that there have been significant differences in the negotiation of the package.
We cannot discount the possibility that there is a breach of international law in relation to criminal proceedings.
We cannot do a U-turn on this success, but instead we must protect, strengthen and develop it. I hope this Council sends out a strong, clear message to this effect, emphasising that the Member States need to respect and implement the Schengen rules properly and effectively.
We cannot fail to express our concern about some of the principles guiding the European Research Area.
We cannot forget that the 23 million small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in the EU, which account for around 99% of all businesses and provide over 100 million jobs, make a fundamental contribution to economic growth, social cohesion and job creation, are a major source of innovation, and play a vital role in sustaining and increasing employment, and contribute to achieving the main goals of the Europe 2020 flagship initiatives.
We cannot forget that the current economic and financial crisis has placed those companies most exposed to globalisation in a vulnerable situation, and it is not acceptable that 'trade preferences' could have a detrimental effect on them.
We cannot forget that youth unemployment figures are overwhelming throughout Europe.
We cannot have legal migration that works if we do not also work with integration and we cannot fight irregular migration if we do not have a proper and decent return and readmission policy.
We cannot have priorities being specified in one committee and these then being ignored in other committees.
We cannot have this total secrecy and I very much hope that, irrespective of what we think about this link between policy and investment, when it comes to transparency, we can stand united and defend openness and the new competences bestowed on us by the Treaty. I truly hope that that will be the case. I therefore hope that Amendment 13 will receive support.
We cannot impose additional constraints on our farms, which are facing increasing global competition, and at the same time reduce their support.
We cannot meet objectives without clearly establishing the procedures and encouraging or supporting the development of useful tools.
We cannot permit this state of affairs as Europeans. I cannot understand why you are trying to act like a bigger Catholic than the Pope - I am not sure whether I can say that to a Finn but, there, I have said it anyway!
We cannot produce a communication like this in two days.
We cannot sacrifice our youth; words are not enough in this regard.
We cannot simply leave things as they are because the agencies are so inefficient and because they are wasting money rather than making money every day.
We cannot simply wait for lobbies and interest groups to pressure us: we must make the effort to get close to the public; to listen to them. I therefore believe that the transparency register and fingerprinting algorithms will be effective, and, far from limiting and causing fear, they are an opportunity to improve our reports and gauge our results.
We cannot take sensible decisions and bring about the necessary changes and adaptations in society if we do not have access to the facts.
We cannot understand why the European Union is going to charge Portugal higher interest rates than the International Monetary Fund.
We cannot, however, neglect the Bulgaria-Turkey-Greece region, which is one of the EU's most sensitive external borders in terms of illegal immigration.
We certainly had this, not just in the shape of our personal assistants and our group staff, but also, above all, in an excellent secretariat.
We co-decide on almost all major legislation in the EU, and that is a good thing, because we represent the people of the EU. We are the only body directly elected by them.
We condemn the illegal exploitation of the mineral resources as well as the pillaging of precious wood, particularly rosewood.
We consider it highly regrettable, because we would have liked to have seen a broad pro-European majority here in Parliament.
We consider it important to move towards the adoption of the International Labour Organisation (ILO) convention supplemented by a recommendation on domestic workers, the majority of whom are women, and an increasing percentage of them illegal immigrants.
We consider it to be an essential outcome of this package, but this means it must be applied symmetrically.
We consider it unacceptable that the European Union budget - this time for 2012 - is yet again being subordinated to the objectives of the so-called Europe 2020 strategy, heir to the failed Lisbon Strategy whose stated objectives of poverty reduction and job creation were no more than propaganda.
We consider that such a proposal is impractical at the moment, and we propose instead minimum harmonisation at a high level of consumer protection as a rule, emphasising the need for convergence of national regulations on the exercise and effects of the right of withdrawal.
We consider that the new institutional structure of the EU and establishment of the Directorate for Human Rights and Democracy in the EEAS system and Brussels-based COHOM Office offer good opportunities to increase the coherence, visibility and credibility of the EU actions in the UNHRC.
We consider that this is essential if we are to boost Europe's competitiveness in the longer term and, in so doing, deliver the strong role which Europe as a whole needs.
We consider these structures to be the direct product of democratically elected bodies.
We could almost say that no one has noticed this.
We could say that the transition has taken place not to democracy, but to an even deeper crisis than a year and a few months ago.
We could say that this is just a drop in the ocean, but I believe - and I am happy that this has been acknowledged by many during the debate - that we have made an extremely important first step towards internalising costs and re-circulating revenues into the sector, even if, as with every compromise, it is not the most perfect one, and I am certain that we will be able to take further steps in the following years.
We could speak of cultural management or about giving a new impetus to the one-time idea of Melina Mercouri for a European Capital of Culture.
We could start with administrative expenditure, for example, and in this respect we are still a long way from meeting the Commissioner's request to keep the increase below 1%. The European Personnel Selection Office, among others, is undoubtedly a classic example of mismanagement, and it is at that and certain other agencies that we can begin to try to reduce Europe's administrative costs.
We could then be sure that sharp growth and improved quality of life really will occur in cities.
We deal in plain speaking.
We deleted the name 'Macedonia' in order to avoid trampling on some people's sensibilities, including those, I believe, of the President.
We demand that in the External Action Service, we have independent impact assessments as a standard procedure for the qualitative evaluation of the security, human rights, gender, social and economic effects of each CSDP mission and we need more civilian personnel in these missions as well.
We deplore the fact that, due to the economic and financial crisis, Member States have reduced their education and research budgets and we call on them to invest in education as a priority during this crisis period, as the quality of research and innovation also depends on this.
We did not even manage to adopt a resolution on the subject of safety because you wanted 150% and were not satisfied with what was actually possible as a result of the various responsibilities involved.
We did not understand why the Council was not on our side, because the Council is made up of elected representatives of the Member States.
We did the same for cohesion, which is a crucial issue for deciding what we want the European Union to be in the coming years.
We disagree, in fact, just like the millions of workers, farmers, small and medium-sized business owners, and many others across the world who have, for years, been pointing an accusing finger at the WTO, at its goals of deregulating trade and at the interests it serves: those of the multinationals; of large companies and financial institutions, which rake in millions at the expense of sacrificing millions of jobs and labour and social rights, destroying small and medium-sized producers and degrading the environment.
We discussed our bilateral relations and the reforms that need to be carried out in Tajikistan.
We do have strong united foreign policy positions on a whole range of issues, from the breadth of our concerns on human rights to the specific work that we are doing on the Middle East, in our neighbourhood, on Serbia/Kosovo, on Bosnia, or in our approach in Africa, where we now look at the situation hopefully beginning to be resolved in Cote d'Ivoire but worrying today in Uganda.
We do need more Europe, and more Europe means more discipline, including concrete measures against those who continue to violate the rules.
We do need to be careful however: our farmers must not end up working as underpaid landscape gardeners, leaving us dependent on imports of food and agricultural commodities from third countries, products subject to far less stringent requirements than those imposed on our farmers.
We do not agree that the level of payments from the EU budget should be frozen during 2012, which is why we do not support Amendment 16. The payments are based on previous years' budget decisions regarding commitments and therefore the level of the payments is simply a consequence of previous undertakings.
We do not agree with planning the radio spectrum based on the Commission imposing guidelines, with the aim of making the spectrum a fulcrum for 'the goals and key actions outlined in the EU2020 strategy and the Digital Agenda', nor do we agree with the view of this as one of the '50 priority actions of the Single Market Act'. These are EU strategies and policies which have contributed to the current crisis that we are experiencing, and persisting with them will inevitably exacerbate this crisis.
We do not agree with the imposition of guidelines by the Commission with the aim of making the spectrum a fulcrum of 'the goals and key actions outlined in the EU2020 strategy and the Digital Agenda and [...] included among the 50 priority actions of the Single Market Act'. We believe that these strategies are EU policies that have contributed to capitalism's current state of systemic crisis.
We do not believe that the own resources ceiling should be revised as it should be possible to finance EU policy within the current income ceiling.
We do not deny the need for there to be ways for the various Member States to cooperate, link up and coordinate their activities to control and combat illegal fishing, but we were sceptical of the benefits of creating the Community Fisheries Control Agency (CFCA) because we believe that some of its competences clash with those of the Member States.
We do not end up bringing food from Europe, killing the livelihoods of local farmers and then giving them development assistance and actually bringing even more food because we have been unwise in our approach to food assistance.
We do not have a network of toll roads, nor do we lay additional charges on heavy goods vehicles after road tax.
We do not have complete, reliable information as the foreign press has been refused access.
We do not know at what time the alarm will sound, but we should familiarise ourselves with the instructions and act on them when the alarm is sounded.
We do not know where it will be paid out.
We do not need a bloated EU budget that is perhaps up to ten times higher than necessary; we do not need a budget funded by the EU taxpayer that has lost any sense of the need to economise; we do not need a further bloating of Brussels bureaucracy that robs the shirts from the backs of the net contributors.
We do not need to be lectured about democracy by those who have plenty of homework to do in their own backyards.
We do not rule out bringing the issue of Russia's unjustified ban on European Union vegetable imports to summit level, although we hope that scientific evidence will allow a quick solution at an expert level.
We do not support terrorism, but we want to defend the principle where each person has the right to an impartial trial, and we are pleading in favour of the abolition of the death penalty.
We do not support the deliberate introduction of tariff barriers which will increase the costs of transport operators from peripheral Member States and, by extension, the prices of the products transported.
We do not therefore wish to be associated with this partial resolution, which risks adding fuel to the fire instead of supporting the efforts of the SADC, and we refuse to support the imposition of harsher economic sanctions.
We do not understand why measures that are immediately relevant to exceptional situations have to be rejected.
We do not want an increase of 5% in European public spending; instead, we are seeking to alleviate national budgetary burdens and gather certain transnational investments into the EU budget, where they can be more efficiently utilised.
We do not want it to be a flash in the pan, but to have proper follow-up and a future for the countries we visit. I completely changed the text of my speech for all of this, Mr Piebalgs. I would like to thank you, because as I said, it is good to be able to be proud of the European Union, especially during this difficult time.
We do not want political interference, either from the government in Ukraine or from the European Parliament.
We do not want situations where 99% of a product is made in China and only the finishing jobs are carried out in one of the Member States of the European Union, but the lovely 'Made in Europe' label is still attached to it.
We do not want there to be winners or losers from this process, but rather operators committed to a process of continuously improving spectrum use and allocation, and for it to be oriented, above all, toward the public's social and economic development.
We do not want to see ourselves in a situation like that in 2008, when we debated the package of measures adopted in extremis by Commissioner Borg.
We do not want to take sides in any individual cases, but we expect Ukraine to bring about fundamental changes in its system in order to guarantee impartial, fair and transparent court proceedings.
We do not want to talk about the content of the Council's budget and say: you are allowed to do this and you are not allowed to do that, but what we do want is transparency about how the Council is spending its money because the Council's budget is different now from what it used to be 30 years ago and consists of a great deal more than just a number of administrative expenses.
We do require that food provided to people in any circumstance is the most appropriate for the particular circumstances.
We do, after all, want to have trade relations and a trade agreement with Ukraine.
We do, in fact, want to equip you to do so. We wanted a smarter pact which provides greater opportunity for the Commission to have an influence. I cannot understand why Commissioner Rehn is not agreeing to this - more opportunities for influence and a modern economic policy which makes reference to the EU2020 objectives in the interests of our citizens.
We emphatically call on the EU's High Representative to support efforts of this kind.
We expect nothing less from the forthcoming Polish Presidency than a proper investigation to establish the truth about these serious allegations.
We expect that higher standards are kept, not only in the newly built, but also in the already operational, nuclear power plants. I hope that this issue can be part of the discussions in Nizhny Novgorod.
We expect, moreover, further cooperation on illegal immigration, improved controls at cross-border checkpoints and information exchange on terrorism and organised crime.
We extend expressions of sympathy to the families of the victims and to those who are ill, but let us remember to provide compensation to the farmers from a number of countries who have suffered losses.
We face unfair competition from an increasing number of foreign trucks taking up more than their fair share of cross-border haulage.
We felt that the role of traineeships was important.
We finally abstained due to the fact that several EPP and ECR amendments, inadmissible to us, were adopted.
We find ourselves in the middle of an economic crisis and, as a consequence, we must pull together in order to reduce costs and increase the interoperability of the military capacity of our Member States.
We firmly believe that we can make much better use of the cooperation between entrepreneurs in the cultural sector, on the one hand, and academia, both higher education - universities and higher education colleges - and secondary education, on the other, and that they offer a lot more opportunities than we are currently utilising.
We fought not only to achieve origin markings but also for traceability.
We fully support the UN recommendations.
We generally share core values, but the difference in our position on the death penalty, which I am proud to say is entirely banned in Europe, makes our joint voice less effective and less credible in the world.
We grant the working group the freedom to submit any necessary recommendations.
We had a roll-call vote on this and we will analyse whether we nonetheless captured some support in the ALDE Group.
We had hoped for a more ambitious plan including an indication of the place of origin, or at least immediate origin marking for products from those third countries that are notorious for not respecting any rules or regulations protecting consumers, workers, the environment or children - rules and regulations which are now established practice in Europe and represent a genuine guarantee for our consumers and citizens. I should like us all to remember, however, that this is a battle we must win together and by working as a unit because, as Mrs Comi pointed out, this fight began a long time ago and today we are marking important progress.
We had made it easier for Members to vote with us by tabling amendments on Articles 5 and 6, going just halfway towards what we had wanted (and had lost at the committee stage). We thus left it to the S&D Group to re-table the original texts, in order to be perceived as representing the middle ground.
We had six months to achieve this. I trust that during these six months, we will reach the point where, in exactly two days, the Member States will say 'yes, the homework has been done'. What can help create mutual trust? On the one hand, the series of consultations, which I have mentioned.
We had to balance environmental and economic sustainability. I reject the notion that the Council did not attach any importance to environmental protection.
We have EUR 28.5 billion left to programme in 2011, 2012 and 2013.
We have a common commitment to creating strong links between regional policy and the Europe 2020 strategy and to establishing jointly the necessary conditionality, so that we can help to overcome any difficulties in implementing the policy.
We have a duty to demand respect for human rights, but the future depends on respect for the right of nations to self-determination.
We have a duty to heal Europe's public finances and we have a duty to set out responses, which have to begin with the involvement of businesses and the world of work, and have different and more open rules in order to complete the single market and be in a better position to compete on the global market.
We have a financial mechanism to improve the management of these flows at the European level and to strengthen the solidarity between Member States.
We have a great opportunity in the next financial framework to show European citizens that the Union is capable of thinking and acting in their long-term interest, and achieving effective results in securing internal cohesion and solid growth. I therefore entirely agree with the rapporteur's priority statement that the sums earmarked for the common agricultural policy and the cohesion policy in the next period must not be lower than in the current framework.
We have a grip on the EU budget.
We have a much better partnership with Russia.
We have a number of tools at our disposal to do this.
We have a report which ought to have a follow-up, and I speak firmly in favour of the need for a genuine process of accountability which would bring truth, justice and reconciliation to Sri Lanka following what will be a painful investigation, but an investigation which must happen.
We have a responsibility to finance countercyclical policies, not least through a strong cohesion policy, Mr Pieper, which promotes public investment and employment in all European regions. I would like to stress the importance of creating an intermediate regions category to ensure that the allocation of Structural Funds accurately reflects economic and social realities in the regions.
We have a system in Europe that allows for fast communication and, in order to have fast communication, we apply the subsidiarity principle - looking to the lowest possible level as the base from which communication should start.
We have added provisions specifying the process of economic dialogue among European institutions including the European Parliament, the Council and individual Member States.
We have agreed a joint framework with the USA which forms the basis for the release and the admission into the EU Member States of some of the former prisoners.
We have all the Member States financing their research and science and we also have, as has been mentioned, the Structural Funds.
We have already criticised this system as it fails, in every respect, to meet international standards on fair trails.
We have already hosted a meeting of senior officials from around the world and from the big financial institutions to discuss what we might be able to contribute if asked, and will, but in consultation with our neighbourhood, we have to do more to support resources coming together more effectively.
We have already mentioned that there are black holes in labour law regulation.
We have already stated that we need more Europe by accepting the ambitious goals of the Europe 2020 strategy.
We have already voted on the legislative points. I believe that this was the most important thing for now.
We have also advocated youth guarantees, which have been successfully applied in some Member States; wider use of these is very promising. I would also like to highlight the youth-specific ESF programmes. I have seen quite a few of them. I think that they are very important, especially where the risk of marginalisation, of being locked out of employment opportunities, is a great social risk. I think that the European Social Fund can be used in an innovative way; there are many very good examples.
We have also asked the Commission to examine the possibility of laying down clear laws and conditions, in order to ensure that manufacturers who claim a particular product was manufactured in, say, the Netherlands, Italy or Germany can guarantee that that really is the case.
We have also asked the authorities in Austria to confirm to us that in the event of the future expansion of this or other ski areas which met the criteria under the old version of the Austrian act on environmental impact assessments, screening will first be carried out to ascertain whether an EIA is necessary.
We have also asked to ensure that new consumer devices and technologies are accessible so as to secure consumer endorsement for the transition to digital technology and efficient use of the digital dividend. I welcome the importance attached to ensuring that the required radio spectrum is available for monitoring the atmosphere and the Earth's surface.
We have also clearly upgraded the priorities relating to the Europe 2020 strategy.
We have also realised that coordination of fiscal policies through the SGP might not be sufficient in a Union sharing a single currency so we have agreed to introduce a new mechanism to tackle macroeconomic imbalances, which will be treated on the same footing as fiscal imbalances.
We have also renewed our support for a free Internet by condemning Internet censorship and the threats that it poses to human rights, as well as to access to and sharing of global cultural heritage.
We have also stated our disagreement in terms of the representativeness of the Administrative Board of the CFCA, its operational model and the excessive weight that the European Commission has within it, namely in terms of its voting system.
We have also tabled an amendment in which we are demanding that the European Commission, once the peer reviews have been completed, evaluate the concept of radioactive waste and spent nuclear fuel management.
We have also upheld the implementation of the polluter pays principle, and that I consider to be one of the key demands of the European Parliament.
We have an enormous number of free days.
We have another resolution full of contradictions before us. On the one hand, the appointment of the new Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises (SME) Envoy by the Commission is to be welcomed, and his mandate to monitor the progress of the Member States in the implementation of the Small Business Act (SBA) and to promote SMEs' interests throughout the Commission, ensuring, in particular, that the 'Think Small First' principle is being applied effectively, is to be supported.
We have applied sanctions on Belarus, but we have not done so with regard to the Magnitski case in Russia, although this had been pointed out by the European Parliament in the Annual Report on Human Rights in the World 2009 and in the European Union's policy on the matter.
We have asked for more information on that case because clearly that is an area of enormous importance.
We have been busy on the diplomatic front and have also persuaded 32 countries, including 13 new donors, to commit to the fund.
We have been looking at where free movement might lead to a certain amount of tension, especially when it affects certain professions where free movement is not leading to a circular phenomenon, but more of a one-way street.
We have been proposing a list of 27 non-tariff barriers which we think are crucial for our trade relationship, but in only three cases out of the 27 is there now a solution on the table which seems to be acceptable.
We have been talking about people in the Kaliningrad region and thinking about facilitation. A month ago, this House decided that visa facilitation should be allowed for cultural purposes.
We have been the victims of an enormous amount of crime, and terrorism in particular, as the honourable gentleman is aware. I am sure that he would share with me our determination to stamp out this crime, and working together across borders is the best way to achieve it.
We have been told that the fire service and the police are responsible for them. I imagine that al-Qaeda and other terrorists will almost die laughing when they find out that the fire service and the police are responsible for preventing the threat of terrorism.
We have been using nuclear technology for energy production, pharmaceuticals manufacturing, and for powering submarines and icebreakers for 60 years.
We have big military potential, largely untapped, so decisions to use military assets and to support each other in pooling and sharing are something that we need to take forward.
We have chosen to emphasise the organisational and policy frameworks that are needed for the optimal coordination of culture in the EU's external actions.
We have clearly stated and confirmed that we want to safeguard and develop small farms, that we want small farms to be taken into account because they are essential to quality and regional biodiversity.
We have come across cases, for example, of workers entering the country with diplomats and having their passport taken away; people in that situation have virtually no freedom, have no access to assistance and do not know about their rights.
We have concluded bilateral negotiations on Russian WTO accession, agreed on the approach towards a possible future visa-waiver regime, and agreed the Partnership for Modernisation, which is now in its implementation phase.
We have constantly criticised the Council for not progressing that agenda on the basis of the Commission's comprehensive proposal.
We have contributed throughout the committee and trialogue process to ensure that the Parliament's preferred outcome is realistic, workable, and lasting.
We have criticised the failings in transposition and implementation of the EU legislation in force numerous times, which result, to a large extent, from the fact that legislative texts have not been drafted properly.
We have decided to promote protection of biodiversity and of the countless regional and production specificities of the European Union through a rural development policy that will enhance all the natural and human potential of rural areas.
We have developed a good scoreboard, albeit through long discussions. I should very much like to thank the rapporteur, Mrs Ferreira, for her positive cooperation in this connection.
We have discussed at length the practical efficacy of the state machinery of these two countries, as well as their levels of corruption; nevertheless, I believe that the application of Schengen should leave this out of consideration, given that - just as happened with the other Member States - it is sufficient to base a decision only on the efficiency of border controls and the preparation of police forces.
We have discussed countries neighbouring Europe which have nuclear programmes. I think that these issues should be included in the Commission communication on the external dimension of the EU energy policy.
We have discussed the expulsion of and discrimination against Roma people in France and Italy, and there have been many other examples of debates about fundamental rights being under pressure in one Member State or another.
We have done an excellent job in creating a macroeconomic surveillance procedure, which is something new and which complements the work that is done to keep the common currency afloat.
We have drawn on research from around the world, and my report looks at the following issues: engagement with parents, which is very important for early years for young children; staff and the quality of services and qualifications required; and integrating early years services with the rest of the education systems in Member States.
We have enough exchange with Russia in the specialist areas.
We have experienced this progress year by year, but its rate is nowhere near what would be desirable.
We have forgotten that seven and five years ago the Union was enlarged by new Member States, which were given a low level of support and which were promised that after 2013 the payments would be equalised. I want to underscore this clearly: a strong second pillar should be maintained, and this should include retention of the current criteria for distribution of funds, which take account of differences in the level of development of individual Member States.
We have fought all along for this not to be laid down as a condition, but it will definitely support the building of mutual trust.
We have good wording on the costs of economic growth (para 4), climate protection (para 9), internal cohesion (para 10), integrated and bottom-up approach (para 21 and 23), deprived neighbourhoods (para 25) and cross-financing (para 28).
We have got to be responsible, and we have got to be responsible as a Parliament as we move towards the legal text that the Commissioner will bring forward in the late autumn of this year.
We have got to look at how we spend the money.
We have got to make sure that the ambitions that you have for what we can achieve can actually be realised. I have to find the resources for opening an office in Benghazi.
We have had a long fight across Europe for LGBT rights, and we cannot allow Hungary to take this retrograde step.
We have had enough experience on this issue with the Lisbon strategy, and we do not want the 2020 strategy to be another failure that only serves to increase disappointment and euroscepticism.
We have had numerous debates, which have really made me see that Parliament and the Commission do, quite naturally, share the same opinion and ambition.
We have had quite a few meetings and conferences. I also worked with the Committee on the Regions and the Committee on Economic and Social Affairs, so the report is a product of many exchanges of opinion during the period of its preparation. I would also point out that, at the time when this report was being adopted, my fellow Members from other political groups showed quite a constructive stance.
We have had quite an ideological debate today and it is clear that everyone in this House would like to have sustainable public finances and budgetary discipline, but history shows that you cannot achieve that by just spending more money.
We have had to witness the concentration of executive, legislative and judiciary powers, together with the media, in the hands of Andry Rajoelina, who prides himself on the title of the President of the High Transitional Authority.
We have heard many platitudes from the AU, but we have seen little concrete action so far.
We have heard of unsustainable fishing, but British waters are not being overfished by British fleets; the problem is that British waters have been thrown open to all.
We have hitherto been concentrating far too much on promoting cultural diversity via the Muslim immigrant population without ensuring that our own culture, in turn, is recognised in the countries of the Islamic world.
We have in Frontex a European tool par excellence which is essential for controlling our external borders.
We have in clear words condemned the deteriorating situation and have repeatedly called upon Belarus to end the ongoing crackdown on the political opposition and civil society, release all political prisoners and discontinue the politically-motivated trials.
We have learnt from experience and common sense that the solution lies in the debtor country putting its house in order, with the creditors realising that the debt to be paid needs to be arranged to match the relevant country's real ability to pay.
We have liberty, but we do not have equality, and without equality there can be no fraternity.
We have made an impact assessment.
We have made countless proposals on the need to increase the EU budget to support economic and social cohesion, as well as to reduce the compulsory nature of national contributions, cutting them to a maximum of 10% of the total cost for the project submitted, particularly in the countries with the greatest financial difficulties.
We have made significant progress on the issue of direct payments, emphasising that it is essential to define appropriate minimum and maximum support levels, expressed as a percentage of the EU average, which farmers of every Member State may receive.
We have made something clear today: credibility engenders trust.
We have many discussions on how funds are distributed between the Member States, but we also need to discuss how they are allocated within Member States.
We have monthly statistics relating to our labour market figures and we have annual statistics relating to our economic figures.
We have much more that we need to do, and we need to make sure that the building of democracy is a big part of that journey, but we are on that journey as well in terms of what we can do. I like the three 'C's. I think we can become much more coherent. I think we can be better in cooperation and, of course, communautaire is the objective I know this Parliament has.
We have no intention of publishing league tables of universities.
We have not always succeeded in this and there have been Members who have broken these rules, which is one of the main reasons why we want to improve our rules.
We have not only heard recriminations for the obvious limitations shown by Europe in recent events, but we have also heard proposals offering a kind of strategic partnership between Parliament and the other institutions in order to make Europe a credible actor in security and defence matters. I believe this partnership would be not only an opportunity but a necessity as well because, if what we have been saying is true, which is that Europe's integrated approach is its main potential, achieving that integrated approach will require the support of a body endowed with clear legislative and budgetary powers.
We have not yet learned all the lessons from this, and we are all engaged in an important legislative task.
We have now managed to arrive at a balanced result, that is both consumer-friendly and business-friendly.
We have now reached an emergency situation where solidarity and responsibility are all that count, but solidarity does not just mean all for one.
We have our common European diplomacy, which needs to be an effective tool for action outside the European Union, because it is not possible to solve problems inside the European Union today if we do not begin seriously to solve problems outside the European Union.
We have paid particular attention to the protection of workers who handle spent nuclear fuel and radioactive waste, compliance with the ALARA (as low as reasonably achievable) principle which is established in practice, the need for education and training as well as the need for the development of scientific and technological skills.
We have paved the way for a common agricultural policy that is fairer to the countries of the European Union and to farmers and different kinds of production; that respects the specific conditions in our regions; that is environmentally friendly; and that promotes employment in rural areas.
We have problems in many countries regarding the legal forms according to which the work is developing.
We have produced a report in Parliament which is based on the Commission's technical report and which puts the focus on people, including employees of transport companies and plants which work with radioactive waste and employees at the final storage sites.
We have provided 157 flights from Member States with support from the Commission, and we have also funded the repatriation of third country nationals through the International Organisation for Migration.
We have put forward a proposal and we look forward to discussing it with you. I strongly believe that it is in both our interests to cooperate in this area, and no less important to show Europe's citizens that we are cooperating. I therefore invite Parliament to begin discussions on this issue.
We have put forward proposals to Israel to support that greater access. I want to see the people of Gaza with a future, but I also want to see Gilad Shalit, captive for years in Gaza, given the chance to go home to his mother and father whom I have already met.
We have put forward various options for doing this, but I have a preference for one of them, and Commissioner Lewandowski knows very well which one it is: it is the tax on financial transactions or, as it is known in many of our countries, the Robin Hood tax.
We have raised these matters in the various bilateral dialogues between Japan and the EU over the past few years but little progress has been achieved so far.
We have reached the limit of trying to move markets with public money.
We have reached the point over the past few days, with scenarios about restructuring and even bankruptcy and/or the exit of a country from the euro area still doing the rounds, that we are debating things which we would have considered inconceivable until just recently.
We have reiterated our position against this principle in successive agreements upon which Parliament has delivered opinions, along with criticism of the comprehensive nature of these agreements, which are, without exception, aimed at the liberalisation and privatisation of the sector.
We have restated our urgent call for resuming the peace process and we have urged both parties to re-engage in substantive talks to bring the Middle East peace process to an effective conclusion.
We have said all the time that there are two key issues remaining in order to engage in such a dialogue: sound readmission, and reintegration policies in line with the EU standards.
We have said that Europe will reduce emissions by 30% if other important regions of the world are prepared to make binding agreements, because the climate is a global issue.
We have seen that we have convergent views on many subjects.
We have set up a system which will make it possible to ensure that any order meets the wishes of the consumer (chief characteristics of the good or service, total cost, length of contract) prior to its definitive validation.
We have specific aims to pursue and we need these resources.
We have successfully pushed to change subsidies, so that 80% of subsidies no longer benefit just 20% of the largest farmers, and in this way we have helped small farmers.
We have tabled proposals for socially and environmentally sustainable agriculture, a vision that is incompatible with shameless declarations of faith in the market and competitiveness, like those made in this report.
We have taken a very important leadership role in the European Union with regard to food assistance by untying our food assistance or, in other words, not making it a requirement that European food assistance includes food produced in Europe.
We have taken the position that spent nuclear fuel must be controlled.
We have talked about cases of human rights violations, we have mentioned the names of opposition activists who have been put in prison and we have discussed how the ability of many civil and non-governmental organisations to operate is restricted.
We have talked about this to the eminent representatives of the Committee on Legal Affairs as allies on several occasions.
We have the Europe envisaged by David Cameron or the Dutch Government - or at least by the party that supports the government in the Dutch Chamber of Deputies - a Europe of ever deeper cuts, a Europe of increasing withdrawal from integrationist development and a Europe of renationalisation.
We have the coordination mechanism that seeks to ensure that appropriate economic and budgetary policies are pursued by each and every Member State.
We have the experience to help every country that asks us now to help them make that journey to democracy.
We have the impression, as one of our colleagues has put it, that the government is like a football team trying to change the rules and the referee during a game.
We have the working group between the EU and the United States, created last November, where we have had a series of different expert meetings.
We have therefore been advocating the abolition of, or a substantial cut in, national contributions, up to a maximum of 10%, so that countries facing major difficulties can make full use of Union funds, and so that the money can be used effectively by those who need it most, instead of being returned to the coffers of those who need it least.
We have therefore made considerable progress in the negotiations with the Council.
We have therefore requested further details of the effects of the works from the authorities in Vienna and have also made enquiries as to whether measures to alleviate the consequences are necessary and can still be considered.
We have therefore supported the amendment which allows exports to countries which operate the same standards that we will be introducing in the EU with this directive.
We have these epochal events - this economic crisis on our border, this collapse in our share of world GDP - and here we are talking about early years learning, about our responsibilities to the International Labour Organisation, and about whether Sarajevo should be a European city of culture.
We have to accept that concessions are needed from both sides, because together our economies can complement each other and create innovation, growth and jobs.
We have to ask: who does the EU represent if it is not the Member States? Again, we have to ask: who do the representatives of the Member States represent, if the EU represents them?
We have to be careful because, if we begin to add layer upon layer of controls and checks to verify the information circulating, then we will defeat the purpose of speed, and in circumstances where health is concerned, and where life and death is sometimes at stake, speed is of the utmost importance.
We have to be careful in our statements and criticism because, while insisting - as I do - that decisions be made on the basis of well-sustained evidence, we should not terrify those who are called upon to take risky decisions, sometimes in very difficult situations, fearing that afterwards they will be put in the dock and everyone will pass judgment on their decisions. I think this aspect of situation management is very important.
We have to be in a position that allows us to safeguard farmers' incomes, and to put market mechanisms into place in order to prevent and avert price volatility such as we are currently seeing.
We have to be there to support them through each of those challenges and be willing to put our resources, our knowledge, our expertise and our contacts in favour of supporting them.
We have to continue along this path and ensure that these hearings in Ukraine do not actually become selective or anti-opposition in nature.
We have to ensure that our safety standards apply not only to Europe but also to Europe's neighbours, and, in fact, to the whole world. I therefore call upon you, Commissioner, not only to carry out these stress tests in Europe (and they must be carried out, and carried out strictly), but also to work to ensure that European standards and European stress tests apply also to our neighbours and to the whole world.
We have to establish indicators that reflect the capacity of innovation to generate growth, employment and an increase in GDP, and which allow us to compare our situation, in terms of intensity, with the economies of our competitor countries.
We have to expect that in the long term beech trees will disappear completely in the Mediterranean region and that coniferous forests will decrease in area throughout continental Europe.
We have to find them, both by being better and more efficient - I agree with that - but also by recognising what we have to do.
We have to give the people of Europe peace of mind by ensuring that this subject is managed with the utmost transparency and above all, I stress, the utmost safety.
We have to help farmers.
We have to make efforts to prevent a reduction in the funding made available for cohesion policy in the next programming period.
We have to manage our waste on our own and demand through strict legislation and proposals that this takes place in the safest and most technically optimal way.
We have to realise that the shock would have long-lasting effects unless we eliminate the core roots of the crisis.
We have to rely to some extent on local authorities implementing the law properly.
We have to remember the exceptional role of forests in ensuring biological balance and diversity, and that they are a valuable link in the proper functioning of the economy, not only in the production of timber, but also in relation to other products and services which are a common public asset. I believe that it is therefore very important to establish a sustainable common European forestry management policy. I appeal to the Commission to draw up legally binding criteria for the sustainable development of tree biomass, at the same time introducing tools for collecting information on forests and forestry and for making this information accessible.
We have to reserve appropriate mechanisms for Union action to permit the development and implementation of the policy at EU level. I understand that, in relation to the Commission proposal, the scope for such action is the most difficult issue - for Parliament and even more so for the Council.
We have to show that we know how to overcome crises. I would like to express my thanks to the Commissioner that when Denmark wanted to bring in border controls, a communication on common asylum and immigration policy was released very quickly.
We have to tell Canada to back off.
We have to understand that every euro used in paying interest on the public debt is one which does not go towards investment in education, social security and other fields that provide a necessary environment for the good development of the economy and for the well-being of the people.
We have to work with all the countries which have adopted the convention in order to ensure that it is implemented.
We have tried to produce an appraisal that corresponds to the current situation as far as possible.
We have undermined the confidence of European and other consumers.
We have web streaming and I am sure the interpretation will be there.
We have worked hard and I would like to think that our work will not be in vain. I therefore expect the European Commission and the Council to respect our positions and I ask that, during this debate, you support the positions adopted by ITRE.
We have worked very hard together to reach the compromise.
We have, under Article 55 of Regulation 178/2002, the possibility of creating a crisis unit.
We hear talk of the Union's 'own resources', but there has been no definition of what these resources actually are.
We heard on the one hand from the Council that, if a European Arrest Warrant is executed properly and effectively and not in the many trivial cases we have seen, its advantages outweigh those disadvantages.
We hope that before long, we will know more about aspects of food safety due to scientific research and progress. I am pleased that Commissioner Dalli promised that there will be a new, separate draft on cloning and the subject of cloned products soon.
We hope that cooperative measures can be coordinated at all levels of governance, in conjunction with a Europe 2020 strategy which meets the demands of territories and with the other existing territorial strategies.
We hope that the Commission will pay special attention to these issues in its report.
We hope that the political authorities will promote the development of a modern, pluralist and democratic state, based on the rule of law and respecting human rights; uphold the primacy of the right of citizens to choose their government through regular free elections, with protection of the freedoms of movement, of association and the freedom to express political opinions.
We hope that the road map for visa-free travelling announced in May will accelerate further visa facilitation and will bring closer the moment when the visa regime between the EU and Russia will be fully liberalised.
We hope that this will make for a more effective fight against the heinous trade in dog and cat furs, which are used as trimmings on garments placed illegally on our market.
We hope that, next June, on the basis of a tripartite negotiation, the 100th session of the International Labour conference will set this convention and this recommendation in motion.
We hope you have a fruitful visit, ladies and gentlemen, and we know you will be following with interest the report by Mr Cadec on the fisheries partnership agreement between the European Union and the Seychelles, which will be put to the vote tomorrow.
We impose extremely high requirements on Norway, which imports gas into the EU, and exactly the same requirements should apply to Russia.
We in Europe need to protect not just money and banks, but also refugees, which is why we do not need a new Schengen regulation, but rather a policy on asylum and migration that truly respects human dignity.
We in Parliament must, therefore, do everything we can to make the International Year of Chemistry a success because, as Marie Curie said, 'now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less'. Celebrating this year is a good time to take that on board.
We in our generation look back at ancient régime Europe and we wonder how such a system could have existed.
We in the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) have decided on a free or open vote in our voting list with regard to the intermediate category and I would like to explain to you why that is. It is actually because the proposal that the Commission still has to bring forward can still take so many directions.
We in the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance in this Parliament have campaigned for the introduction of high, mandatory safety standards.
We in the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance will still vote in favour, as we want to take our place in a majority that at least rescues the principle of the charging of external costs for a future where more reasonable people occupy the role of transport minister in the Member States.
We in the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament are concerned by the crisis affecting the sector, and we are convinced that the solution involves an EU response including actions that Members and the governments of the various Member States had already been demanding.
We in the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament have worked hard to ensure that the new EU agricultural policy is oriented towards ecological standards.
We in the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament know that we are still in the early stages of the cooperation between you and Parliament and there are certainly some areas for improvement.
We insist that she stops pressuring Ukraine - as my colleague said just now - for example, as Prime Minister Putin did yesterday when he met the Prime Minister of Ukraine, pressing them to join the customs union with Russia, Belarus and Kazakhstan.
We intend continuing our activities among other donors, including the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, so as to secure the financial resources still required to complete all projects by 2015.
We joined the European Union because we wanted to adopt its internal rules. I feel it is normal for us to abide by them and to keep the promises which we made on joining. I thank the Union and Member States which are helping us carry out permanent reforms to the justice system and implement anti-corruption measures because this is also what Romanian citizens want.
We knew long before all this started that there were some weaknesses in the systems.
We know - as it has indeed been demonstrated over the last few years - that credit rating agencies (CRAs) are not credible, but their actions, nonetheless, remain very damaging, especially to countries with weaker economies, and they make a living, above all, from disproportionately stimulating credit and capitalist financial speculation.
We know from the interim versions of the Commission's document that in an initial phase, within the EUR 1.24 billion, EUR 150 million was for the east and all the rest was for the south.
We know how to help countries improve their educational systems. I think we can all do it now, and the Commission is ready to proceed in that way.
We know how to prevent human error, we know how to train workers and we know how to provide good automatic protection, and we must strive to ensure that we provide such mechanisms in the future.
We know that Malta, Italy and France have been subjected to this pressure, but we have to be very clear that the Council must do its part by completing the asylum package, completing the immigration package, completing the reform of the Frontex Regulation and, not least, by updating the solidarity clause included in Article 80 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, which means updating Directive 2001/55/EC.
We know that gross domestic product provides no information on the state of the natural world and the environment, on resources that we have used, or on the whole sustainability problem.
We know that it is not the case, and for this reason I very much hope there will be serious consequences and that we will be able to tell the public that we are taking care of their safety and not just pretending that we are.
We know that it is precisely the producers of creative content that form the base of the value chain for the cultural sector.
We know that not everything is as it should be with regard to Schengen.
We know that our actions can lead to widely differing results, even without our intending it, and can even have the opposite effect to the one we are seeking to achieve.
We know that the Soviet leadership concealed the effects of the damage to the nuclear reactor for a very long time, and this had grave consequences for the inhabitants of nearby countries.
We know that the indirect benefits of the programme are estimated to be around EUR 60 billion per year, but the Commission has admitted that additional investment will be required in order to reach full operational capacity.
We know that the situation in Greece is very difficult and that there are no easy solutions. I agree with all of you who said that it is very important to demonstrate to the Greek people that it is not only about cuts and austerity, but that there is also light at the end of the tunnel and that we can actually help Greece to get back onto the path of growth.
We know that there are a number of criteria and not just cost-benefit, and even there we need to know who is being hit by costs and who is enjoying benefits.
We know that there is a desire in the European Union to ensure the security of our power stations from day to day. I would also like to add that we know perfectly well that flying over nuclear power stations is prohibited - at least, in France - and that there is no nuclear power station in France which is further than 25 km from an air base, with the air bases being responsible for monitoring the air space above nuclear power stations.
We know that these are very complex issues and we want to be sure that we address them correctly.
We know that, if we are going to be successful in implementing Lisbon fully - and this is what the report says - we need that sustainable funding in the next framework as well. I agree with the report in so many ways, but especially on the need to be proactive in promoting our values and in using all of the policy instruments that we have. I am also keen to improve the dialogue that we have.
We know when we are discussing a legislative proposal that in the Council there will be no veto for any country any more.
We know with just as much certainty that it will be the European textile sector that mainly, if not exclusively, pays the price for this humanitarian aid.
We live in one Europe, and the citizens of our countries have a right to live in any Member State without any barriers.
We look forward to early ratification by those Member States and, indeed, some interesting implementation.
We look very seriously upon all reports of the suspension of Schengen.
We may disagree in other areas, but here we are strong and united.
We may not realise at this stage what is required in terms of Member States' financial resources, but until we understand the problem we will continue, for the most part, to pay mere lip service to tackling it.
We may welcome this or we may regret it. As a democrat, I have to accept it. The fact that independent teams are now, for the first time, monitoring the national nuclear regulators and that the monitors are being monitored is, in my opinion, an historic step forwards in the interest of the common safety of the citizens of Europe.
We might have agreed to vote in favour of this stability and growth package unchanged had it been accompanied by an ambitious fiscal package, combining a financial transaction tax, an energy tax, a fair tax on transnational corporations and, of course, measures to combat tax fraud, so that we could help the Union's Member States fund the goals they hope to achieve.
We more than owe that to our enterprises and thus, also to our workers.
We must admit that, when Dominique Strauss-Kahn was appointed as the Managing Director of the IMF, the situation was very different: there was talk of people taking it in turns to manage the organisation.
We must aim to do what is best for Europe: free up the spectrum for new services and increased mobile traffic, open up new opportunities for culture and content, broadcasters and public services in the framework of broadband and, at the same time, secure the same opportunities for broadcasters as they enjoy today.
We must aim to make Europe the best and do what is best for Europe: free up spectrum for new services and increased mobile traffic, laying the ground for new opportunities for culture and content, broadcasters and public services within the framework of broadband.
We must aim to make Europe the best and make what is best for Europe: opening up new services and increased mobile traffic, laying the ground for new opportunities for culture and content, broadcasters and public services in the framework of broadband and, at the same time, securing the same opportunities for broadcasting as of today.
We must all firmly oppose any attempt of this happening in Europe and clearly distance ourselves from the political forces in Europe which are behind such actions.
We must also bear in mind the challenges facing Europe.
We must also become better at being able to work and think in an interdisciplinary manner.
We must also ensure a balanced and fair approach towards assessing the various banking structures and business models in the individual Member States, and try to ensure that the new stress tests relate, as far as possible, to the entire banking sector in each Member State.
We must also ensure that all young people have the right to undergo training.
We must also ensure that this tool, which we are proposing to the ILO, will enable us to define, in this area, what we mean by the notion of decent work, whether with regard to the question of working hours, the question of paid leave, or the question of housing conditions.
We must also ensure, every time we produce legislation, that we do not create additional burdens for small and medium-sized enterprises.
We must also go ahead on nanomaterials, and now that the cloning part has been removed, we can move quickly on these.
We must also help our manufacturers when it comes to medicines, but I think that we will all agree that this must not be to the detriment of those who are dependent on access to cheap medicines.
We must also look again at the application of rules of ordinary law concerning the right of European citizens to information, which, under present conditions, the system that has been introduced clearly does not safeguard.
We must also not forget that these are EU border countries, which are contending with the problem of an influx of illegal immigrants.
We must also question why this agency, the role of which is to organise training seminars for national senior police officers, should require its own headquarters rather than be attached to Europol, the Hague-based European Police Office, which everyone praises for its effective services.
We must also remember that although sanctions may prove successful, they should go hand in hand with a specific proposal for a solution to the political crisis, because the longer the current situation continues, the harder it will be in the future to bring the rule of law to Madagascar.
We must also remember that large cuts will not benefit the most vulnerable Member States, Greece, Ireland and Portugal, but, on the contrary, will reduce the EU's ability to support them.
We must also review some requests that go back to the negotiations on the original agreement, in which Mauritania, for example, made a last minute request for further biological rest periods on fishing in May and June, in addition to that already agreed for the months of September and October.
We must also see to it that conditionality procedures do not generate additional burdens, but rather seek to reduce burdens, and that they produce no delays in the implementation of policy, programmes or projects.
We must always remember that this is a unique and unrepeatable period of development, which forms the personality of the individual.
We must approach this debate without extolling virtues - Baroness Ashton has rightly highlighted some positive elements; I would emphasise the good or, rather, the better provision of information between Parliament and the European External Action Service - yet also without concealing defects, and a voice as sensible as that of Giorgio Napolitano, our former fellow Member and President of the Italian Republic, has reminded us of this recently.
We must ask ourselves whether the situation in Greece and in other European states in difficulty is not a result of the actions taken by financial speculators, based on the tactics of 'divide and conquer'. Just recently, Portugal became the third state which needed to ask the European Union for loans.
We must aspire to an exemplary optimisation of how the funds are handled and spent, based on simple and transparent rules founded on the principle of direct responsibility.
We must avoid the situation in which future funding flows to Juba end up being improperly deployed or, even worse, feeding the existing high level of corruption.
We must be aware that it has been very expensive for some of us, and to ensure we see it through until the end, we need as wide a unity as possible in this Parliament on all the aspects of the deal.
We must be extremely clear about what we are dealing with and what the European dimension will be, strictly in relation to the EU institutions, so that we will not find ourselves on a slippery, or indeed counterproductive, slope.
We must be mindful of this sad fact and try to deliver what we can for the real world that we face.
We must be very watchful of how the situation develops, as it is already dreadful but could get worse and pose a threat to stability in the region.
We must bridge the digital divide and ensure that all European citizens are connected to high-speed broadband by 2020.
We must call on the Heads of State or Government to ensure that this becomes a joint European issue in the Council.
We must change the situation where the funding of research in Europe is too fragmented, while there are many sources of funding in the Member States and the EU applying different priorities, evaluation criteria, definitions and procedures, which necessarily leads to overlaps, confusion and errors.
We must consider the fact that, when we produce new legislation in the EU and get it implemented in the Member States, we often impose even more burdens on our small and medium-sized enterprises.
We must continue to take action in favour of a policy of European cohesion that is integrated and ambitious, simpler and more visible, one which enhances territorial cooperation and which is fairly directed at all regions.
We must continue to work for a strong second pillar in the common agricultural policy (CAP), for rural areas and for Europe. I would like to issue a general warning to anyone intending to cut agricultural funding.
We must continue to work to improve the environment and reduce carbon dioxide levels in Europe, and it is therefore of central importance that we ensure that environmental charges are genuinely used to reduce and eliminate the environmental problems that arise.
We must create a new political space of global dimensions, taking account of the political dimension of cultural diversity.
We must curb industrial, pillaging fishing techniques.
We must demand two things: traceability and labelling. I am in no doubt about the will of Commissioner Dalli to clarify this matter and to find the right solutions to the countless issues that remain unresolved.
We must discuss European added value and the necessary synergies between the national budgets and the EU budget in greater detail than before because, irrespective of the potential savings to be achieved in the EU budget, a lot of the additional resources required can be discussed in the context of a genuine debate on synergy and potential savings between the EU budget and the national budgets.
We must discuss it and debate it more, not only in the European Parliament, but especially with ministers in the Council, with members of national parliaments, and also in the regions, so that they understand that a joint solution will bring not only the best result for our citizens, but will also lead to savings in national budgets.
We must do our utmost especially to ensure that what we have agreed in the negotiations to date is not lost.
We must emphasise the logical connection between animal health and the use of antimicrobials, as well as the link between animal health and human health.
We must encourage the Member States to adopt its guidelines so as to help SMEs at this time of crisis.
We must encourage third level institutions, research organisations and private sector companies to seize the opportunities available under the EU's Seventh Framework Programme for Research and Technological Development (FP7).
We must ensure access to public services such as education, health services, transport services, sport and culture for citizens of rural areas.
We must ensure fair and greater competition among agricultural goods suppliers. I feel that the Commission should begin negotiations with Canada on investment once Parliament has expressed its position on the future EU investment policy.
We must ensure that education and care are available to all families and children, regardless of their origin or the financial situation of the parents. I very much dislike resorting to pragmatic, financial arguments in questions of human rights, and in matters that should be obvious and as independent as possible of the economic situation.
We must ensure that no one be left out for financial reasons.
We must ensure that the highest safety standards are applied not just in Europe, but beyond its borders as well.
We must ensure that they have adequate product information etc. to be able to make wise and informed choices. I would therefore like to thank our rapporteur, Mr Manders, in particular for his persistence and commitment to ensure that the report includes the consumer perspective. I would also like to thank the shadow rapporteurs, who have shown a great deal of commitment to increasing consumer power.
We must ensure that through our young people, these identities are truly European and not allow the only educational model for our young people in the future to be the American one, although this has, of course, been an important point of reference until now.
We must ensure we take the necessary steps to ensure this industry achieves its full potential.
We must exert greater pressure with regard to the agencies.
We must fight for transparency within the European institutions and, in that respect, I welcome the agreement with the Commission which seeks to set up at last a common register of interest groups of the European institutions.
We must finally make consistent use of the Stability and Growth Pact, which forms the basis for the strong euro, in order to show the Member States with high budget deficits where the limits are.
We must find solutions that make artistic creation attractive within the European Union and, at the same time, secure a playing field in international competition.
We must first of all assess the possibilities offered by the Treaty: by permanent structured cooperation and by Article 44, which makes it possible to delegate the task of carrying out a mission to particular Member States, but within an EU procedural framework, which is not the same thing as renationalisation.
We must focus on reducing the administrative hurdles that all small businesses face and look at ways to get real added value from the Single Market via cooperation on intellectual property rights, a European patent and realising the full potential of the Digital Agenda and, of course, eliminating inconsistencies in existing EU legislation, such as in the field of VAT.
We must give thought to the very structure of CEPOL, which is clearly too small to function autonomously given the complex rules it must observe as an agency.
We must go back to the basics, encourage investment and promote growth.
We must have double counting of gifts, travel and lunches for officials and politicians; in other words, both the giver and the recipient must declare the gifts.
We must hold on to the foundation for defending intellectual property and, at the same time, take the necessary steps to be able to release the potential and creativity in modern technology.
We must identify a number of key priorities for the next MFF, such as growth and employment, sustainable development, cohesion for growth and employment, citizenship and Global Europe.
We must improve systems for monitoring and evaluating the implementation of cohesion policy.
We must increase transparency in the allocation and use of funds and reduce administrative costs and bureaucracy.
We must introduce the clearing house model that is currently in front of us into European legislation.
We must involve the industrial sector more in this Europe 2020 industrial policy, particularly with the European patent, and we must increase the participation of SMEs - small and medium-sized enterprises - and women.
We must keep the EU agricultural budget at the current level until 2020 to ensure that farmers receive incentives to provide stocks of safe food products, to protect the environment, to create new jobs and to ensure the competitiveness of the EU agricultural sector.
We must lay the foundations for concrete policies which will support young people and provide them with greater mobility and opportunities to study abroad.
We must learn the lesson of complete transparency from Chernobyl. I promise you transparency in relation to how negotiations proceed in Brussels on Wednesday evening and Thursday and what the result is. I will also tell you if we fail to reach an agreement between the Commission and ENSREG, at which point we may return the mandate to the European Council.
We must listen to what European citizens are saying to us, they who have been the first to suffer the economic and social effects of the crisis: austerity alone is intolerable.
We must look more closely at the basic principles that we need to lay down in order to put in place proper regulations.
We must maintain the sound, stable and competitive nature of financial institutions so that they can make a contribution to economic growth.
We must make every effort to improve efficiency and transparency and we must link this with an abandonment of unnecessary bureaucracy.
We must make every possible effort to ensure that we safeguard and use this resource sustainably so that our future generations can also exploit it, and we should also contribute to reducing environmental pollution.
We must make more effort to implement three key priorities: firstly, to promote entrepreneurship; secondly, to improve youth employability by adapting education to the needs of the labour market; and thirdly, to give young people an opportunity to play a more active role in society.
We must make the link between research and trade - that is, between research and innovation - via the European patent.
We must make use of the positions, in actual fact, there are three of them, which have been brought together in the Treaty of Lisbon and which you represent, not to find and then to implement the lowest common denominator among the Member States, but instead to take over political leadership, so that the common position is given a greater role and is so convincing that we can carry the other countries along with us. This is extremely important if we really want to make progress in this area.
We must not accept the liberalisation of services and social dumping aimed at bringing down European wages.
We must not allow the Innovation Union to remain merely an exciting idea, a political objective.
We must not confuse bureaucracy with transparency, because not every entry registered on a piece of paper or every approval recorded in a file contributes to making cohesion projects transparent.
We must not even speak of it today, in this resolution! I regret this most sincerely and I do not think that this is how we will promote respect for human rights in the world.
We must not forget either the key role played by both national governments and the European Commission in drafting and effectively implementing European policies at national, regional and local level.
We must not forget that the worldwide success of European industry is founded on the great professionalism and creativity of our artists, who should be protected and encouraged via tangible incentives to keep up their good work.
We must not forget, however, that the highest price that we paid for this epidemic was in the dozens of victims across many Member States of the European Union.
We must not get caught up in the prism of today's eurozone crisis but look to what problems the IMF may face in the future. I believe that Ms Lagarde has the necessary skills and track record to lead the IMF during this period of economic turbulence and to steer a path of reform at the IMF to ensure its continued relevance for generations to come.
We must not miss such an opportunity. I am pleased that the rapporteur stresses the importance of cohesion policy for growth and employment.
We must not put unnecessary obstacles in the path of the European External Action Service (EEAS) to enable it to live up to its founding principles. I have also voted in favour of the amendment, which, at the same time, calls on Baroness Ashton to make full use of her powers.
We must not use EU citizens' money to support unsafe nuclear energy.
We must now learn that carrying the burden of the banks' debt is much worse.
We must obtain a legal framework which enables us to improve the rights of these workers and to promote decent working conditions.
We must obviously not overload the labels with information, but social labelling could enable working conditions in the European Union and worldwide to undergo lasting change thanks to a citizen-based approach by consumers when they make purchases.
We must overcome the digital divide so that by 2020, all EU citizens have access to broadband services at a speed of at least 30 Mbps.
We must pay attention to the potential measures to be taken.
We must place greater emphasis on proposals for collaborative research between the public and industrial sectors, ease cooperation between networks of SMEs, universities and public research institutes, and the main criteria for choosing FP7 projects must now include an assessment of the possible impact on the market, technology transfer and the commercial use of research outcomes. I voted in favour of reviewing FP7 for these very reasons and also so that the EU can be more competitive in the field of research without having to wait for the Eighth Framework Programme.
We must prepare for this kind of situation in the future and solve the problems of the crisis which exist outside Europe, too, and not just those inside Europe.
We must prevent future crises.
We must promote the use of EGNOS and Galileo in civil aviation and thus contribute to establishing the Single European Sky ATM Research programme and facilitating its implementation.
We must provide answers for the future of these young people, who are the future of the European Union.
We must provide sufficient finance for the EU 2020 strategy to which we have all committed ourselves.
We must provide young people with access to lifelong learning and to courses with practical training elements to enable them to take up these jobs and to grow and progress in their careers. I believe these changes to vocational education will benefit the economies of all Member States.
We must put their development, their modernisation and their competitiveness at the heart of our economic strategy. I therefore voted in favour of the resolution on the Small Business Act Review, the aim of which is to liberate the growth potential of SMEs.
We must reduce the drop-out rate and ensure that there is a strong link between training and work, for example, by means of exchange systems like we have in Germany and Denmark.
We must regulate the transition phase and it is essential that, through an authorization process, the bilateral investment treaties (BITS) concluded by Member States are respected and that they are allowed, under certain conditions, to renegotiate existing BITS or finalise pending ones and to enter negotiations for further ones.
We must reinstate the requirement that a court will extradite a person only when there is compelling evidence that a serious offence under the extraditing country's laws has been committed.
We must remain vigilant, however: after three years of interinstitutional negotiations, we need to convince certain Member States that a policy for genuinely protecting the environment and an economic policy for successfully developing Europe's rail network are both achievable thanks to the balance struck in this trialogue.
We must remember the important role that forests play in terms of socio-economic services as well as their crucial role in the fight against climate change.
We must remember, in fact, that in order to be able to comply with the new limits, engines will have to undergo major modifications, which will involve fundamental changes in the design of the vehicles, too.
We must scrutinise how decisions are made, what the influences behind them are and, finally, how resources, i.e. taxpayer's money, are allocated.
We must simplify the application and reporting procedures.
We must still make sure that we have the resources to implement this protection and information in all the Member States and to take action against offenders.
We must stress that respect for these principles is vital to promoting cooperation between the EU and Ukraine, including with a view to signing the Association Agreement.
We must strive to achieve equal opportunities, so that all children, regardless of whether they come from urban or rural areas, or from rich or poor families, have access to early learning.
We must strongly support and develop this broadly neglected area not just of education but also of training, both at the EU level and where Member States are concerned. I have reservations over the current labelling of cultural works as goods and services.
We must take decisive action against any corruption and financial scandals as they arise.
We must tell the Council clearly that if it refuses to take the path indicated by us today, it needs to indicate which political priorities are to be struck off the agenda and no longer financed.
We must therefore encourage, help and also push the Sri Lankan Government to continue these prosecutions so that true peace and justice can be attained.
We must therefore make sure that we have the necessary scope in our policy and also that investments are adapted to more developed, modern work in relation to the environment and social matters.
We must therefore reorient our environmental policies to create much-needed convergence with our energy policies, leaving traditional sectoral approaches behind.
We must therefore start to monitor the use of modern chemicals and pharmaceuticals in agriculture very closely and, in the interests of protecting the health of our citizens, also assess very purposefully, systematically and permanently the consequences of using these substances.
We must therefore systematically modify and improve the special care mechanisms for these children, so that we can successfully integrate as many children as possible from at-risk groups into our society.
We must therefore take concrete action, since very few Member States currently offer periods of paid leave that are long enough to meet families' requirements.
We must therefore work towards tailoring these systems to the needs of the world of work. I think there is also a need to facilitate access to high quality work experience in Europe and, therefore, to preserve and strengthen the existing programmes aimed at increasing apprentices' mobility.
We must think about the Madagascan people, who need our support.
We must try to encourage all forms of energy production - from renewable, sustainable energies to investing in safe nuclear plants.
We must try to put an end to the economic crisis and, at the same time, avoid new crises.
We must use suitable means to try to simplify our business. I place great hope in the work being done by Mr Barnier in the area of public procurement, simplifying the process by further standardising procedures, reducing the margin for error and thereby making a meaningful contribution to simplification.
We must use these funds to improve our ability to work in an integrated way by improving public/private partnerships, incentivising inter-regional clusters and ensuring good coordination between cohesion funds and funds for research and innovation.
We must view this industry from a global perspective, as it is a true worldwide industry with an underlying global capital market.
We must wait and see whether these Member States will be prepared in the Council in a year's time to vote in favour of a general, EU-wide, standardised regulation to protect citizens who are also businesspeople.
We must work to create a pluralistic world that keeps its capacity for creation intact and that is able to give rise to novelty and diversity.
We must work with all these stakeholders and the EBA, and naturally we must have regard for the role of the Systemic Risk Board, so that we apply the stress tests consistently and so that we learn from them.
We must, at all times, highlight the benefits that can accrue to small and medium-sized companies under what is the largest publicly funded research programme in the world.
We must, however, recognise that the European Parliament still has important work ahead of it, for there are questions the solutions to which are sketched in general terms only in the Dess report, as Members' opinions on the solution to the relevant problem differed or were even diametrically opposed.
We need EU-level powers of decision and action on major issues, but we also need the honesty without which mutual trust is impossible.
We need a European leadership to stand up against simplistic solutions - and I have heard some of them here today - and populism.
We need a European mechanism with the involvement of the European Parliament. I presented this in November last year and I remember that I got quite a lot of support from this plenary to do this.
We need a budget that is designed for the challenges of the present day and that can provide a strong and innovative response to current needs.
We need a clear European external agenda in order for the EU to be able purposefully to promote a global policy based on multilateralism.
We need a code of conduct which makes it impermissible for MEPs to be paid for supporting the proposals of lobbyist groups.
We need a democratic regime there and we at the European Union must do our best to establish that because, without that, progress cannot be made.
We need a different fiscal policy that contributes to economic growth, social justice and balanced public accounts, so that it may contribute to the end of the tax benefits available in tax havens, to the taxation of profits made on the stock exchange, and to the introduction of an additional tax on the profits of large companies and financial institutions.
We need a financing instrument which is exclusively targeted at the objectives of poverty eradication as defined in the Lisbon Treaty and which only covers developing countries.
We need a legislative proposal for environmental inspections, something that Parliament already called for in 2008, so that ships can be inspected effectively by the authorities in the local ports.
We need a national consensus in Greece so that Greece can win the confidence of the partners and the markets in terms of the very important reforms that are needed.
We need a responsible strategy and adequate means of eliminating all nuclear waste produced for energy purposes, for research, or for medical uses.
We need a solid foundation, and that is why I am pleased that the Council will exercise the preventive arm of the proposals, namely to ensure that Member States strengthen their own national responsibilities and involve their national parliaments in the process, clear deadlines, procedures and inspection visits, more public reports, peer pressure and public debates in this House rather than in the confines of the Council.
We need a solution that is unbureaucratic, fast, simple and political.
We need a strong, well-funded EU regional policy and, in the future, one targeted at every European region, which will generate economic growth, innovation and competitiveness.
We need a true European internal market where innovations are better able to succeed through access to a market of 500 million citizens.
We need action not words, and if we say that we will only wait to the end of this year, or give it another few years, then that is just too little too late: we must act now.
We need an Internet freedom strategy to facilitate free expression, press freedom, access to information and access to cultural and educational content.
We need better, simpler legislation which serves the interests of Europeans.
We need clear rules to prevent people and organisations from influencing EU decision making in a non-transparent manner.
We need clearer labels to indicate where animal products are used to make a garment, in particular, in the case of fur and fur trim. I voted in favour of the report because it deals with providing detailed information that is urgently needed by citizens, who have the right to know where their textiles come from and what materials they are made of.
We need collectively to reflect further on the next steps, and I am ready to discuss with you, and with the Council, possible scenarios to deal with these two important issues and to agree on a process that will guarantee a positive outcome.
We need diverse impact assessment, drawing on a broad range of policy options and focusing on the practical issues that are important for the operation of an optional instrument.
We need energy independence and energy security and less dependence on Russian energy policy, which is still being used for foreign policy purposes.
We need greater coordination at European level between the education systems in the individual Member States, and, following on from this, cooperation on the mutual recognition of vocational qualifications.
We need greater transparency and we must also try to make the most of the opportunities presented by the modern media and, in particular, the Internet.
We need innovation in agriculture and in regional policy too: we need it everywhere.
We need more consistency, we need more Europe in the application of these tests, and that is why the peer review with the EBA will also be very useful.
We need more research in this field and we need to guarantee the long-term safety of storage or disposal of these materials.
We need not only strong European diplomacy but also effective civilian and military capabilities so that we are not only, at the moment, the biggest, albeit a 'toothless' donor of development and humanitarian aid to the world, but also a serious player in global politics. I believe that the European Union's own military capabilities will also provide assistance to our US and NATO allies, both in a political and military sense, especially with regard to our close neighbours.
We need other incentives to boost productivity and quality.
We need policies which will cover the steps that young people have to take when making the transition from education to employment. I feel that it is vital for young people and the various youth organisations to be involved in the decision-making process.
We need research if we are to create jobs, and we need research, of course, to maintain employment in the EU and to remain competitive against the emerging economies.
We need simple and clear rules, consistently and rigorously applied'. Today I ask you, Commissioner, to help us to move from words to action.
We need targeted policies and strategies to reduce the percentage of early school leavers, proper programming of people's needs for training, and closer ties between the education provided and the needs of the labour market.
We need the Internal Market if we want to have growth, job creation and innovation.
We need the closest possible harmonisation between the Member States so that, ultimately, we have a harmonised, modern policy which is up to the job, as the times demand.
We need the support of Parliament to shape a decent budget for the next year: consolidation on the one hand and contribution to growth and jobs on the other. I hope that this year the procedure will be smoother and less nervous than the procedure for the 2011 budget.
We need this broad base, because it is the small and medium-sized businesses in Europe which ultimately create jobs and safeguard them in the long term.
We need to adopt policies that save money, principally when times are good, so that we might have means of defending ourselves when times are harder. I consider this report crucial if we, as a Union, are to achieve increasingly greater coordination and prevention.
We need to allocate radio spectrum more efficiently in the EU to ensure that we do not remain behind other developed countries progressing towards the digital society.
We need to ask whether it is sensible to recycle all current regional aid through Brussels, or whether the money could be spent more effectively if it was allocated directly to the regions in the Member States.
We need to back Parliament's proposal to mobilise EUR 9 593 931, which will provide specific personalised services such as assistance with job search, training for job interviews, assistance with self-employment and individual vocational training.
We need to be able to see, and, where present, substantiate the connections that exist.
We need to be quite clear about one thing: if consumers expect European agriculture to move further towards greening and sustainability, then the measures concerned have to be given the necessary financial resources.
We need to be relevant to all groups of young people, including those who are the furthest removed from the European Union and especially, of course, apprentices.
We need to bring protection and production together in the management of our forests in order to ensure the viability of their environmental, social and economic functions.
We need to build bridges over these divergences in order to save Europe, and we need to make the necessary decisions to avoid another, even worse crisis, and to enable the whole of Europe to recover from this extremely serious financial crisis that we have experienced in the last years.
We need to compensate for these things, and therefore the Commission subsequently put forward its 'GDP and beyond' proposal.
We need to connect all the alert centres in the European Union, to share statistics, to share information and also to work more together with private companies in order to identify the solutions to this to a certain extent.
We need to continue working to strengthen and support SMEs to reinvigorate growth, while also focusing on improving competitiveness and innovation.
We need to create an environment today which promotes the innovations of tomorrow, including investment in research and development, protection for intellectual property, in particular, using patent legislation, and the encouragement of creative skills, starting in school classrooms.
We need to develop a common European framework that includes targets and shared values, as well as shared entitlements and structures.
We need to develop additional indicators for measuring medium and long-term economic and social progress. I feel that we need to establish clear and measurable indicators that provide information on climate change, biodiversity, resource efficiency and social inclusion, as well as indicators that reflect the household level more accurately: income, consumption and wealth.
We need to develop new social models in order to find a fair balance between easy access for users and proper payment for those who create new content.
We need to do something to make sure that we do not founder any more than we are already doing in the WTO.
We need to do this not only at national level, but also at European level.
We need to ensure that new plants in Kaliningrad and Belarus are subject to the same standards and tests as such facilities in the European Union, especially now that Russia wants to invest in nuclear power plants.
We need to ensure that our young people have opportunities to learn and to move abroad to continue their learning if they wish, as investing in education today will better equip the EU to face challenges in the future.
We need to ensure that there is a balance between ensuring that the money is properly spent and making funds easily accessible, particularly for smaller organisations.
We need to establish more representations in these countries in Central Asia which are our neighbours.
We need to evaluate to what extent the Basel criteria could cause a serious credit crunch for small and medium-sized enterprises.
We need to extend it to cover our neighbouring countries. I fully support what Mrs Morkūnaitė-Mikulėnienhas said.
We need to find a solution which satisfies our expectations but also takes into account the specific situation of India.
We need to find an alternative way of dealing with the current crisis which involves implementation of responsible austerity measures coupled with a strong investment plan to ensure that those who are most vulnerable in this crisis are supported.
We need to find innovative and workable solutions to ensuring the health and safety of domestic workers and, in the overall context, to ensure that their rights are fully respected.
We need to find viable solutions for the public finances of Athens, Dublin and Lisbon.
We need to focus on establishing close links with the world of work, and also on facilitating high-quality work experience as part of vocational training, both at home and abroad, within the framework of European mobility programmes.
We need to focus on four key points: first, ensuring that development cooperation is in keeping with the principles of democracy and absolute transparency; second, guaranteeing respect for human rights; strengthening the role and capacities of civil society organisations and reforming the system of governance that applies to aid, with stronger involvement by the European Parliament.
We need to further increase research and science, but we also need to increase the amount of science and research in regional funding.
We need to get to grips with the challenges posed by the environment and the climate and with the sustainable supply of energy.
We need to give them the tools to continue their development and gain the rewards they deserve.
We need to have a guarantee that the standards of criminal justice and the prison conditions in the European Union do not result in a lack of confidence among the judicial systems in Member States.
We need to have implementation mechanisms (with incentives and penalties) so that social standards are actually applied. A social clause should be added to all EU trade agreements and be legally binding.
We need to have the courage to look and see what is particularly good and what, in particular, we want to continue to fund.
We need to help boost skills and spread information - the EURES network is very useful there and that is what the Commission directly supports - and also help mobility, because job opportunities and vacancies very often come up in different regions or different countries.
We need to improve dialogue with these authorities in order to better understand the problems that exist and face up to the challenges.
We need to know how to define the aim and purpose of this proposal for a regulation, together with its contribution to the overall 'GDP and beyond' strategy.
We need to learn lessons as we go along. I believe that this is our responsibility: to be flexible and to be fast in adjusting our processes and procedures to respond to these types of incidents.
We need to link this to the development of meaningful partnerships between Europe and its neighbouring countries, so that we can support growth and development. I hope that the Commission will no longer allow itself to be used as a plaything by some politicians who want to score points at home.
We need to listen to Mr Reynders, the Belgian Minister for Finance, when he says that we should not go beyond the measures that society can bear in Greece, because that will destroy growth and the country will not recover.
We need to look at this and we can do something to prevent it. By restructuring our agricultural policy, we can make sure that the focus is on good animal welfare, that animals live in conditions suitable for their species, and that the animals are strong and robust, on the principle that prevention is better than cure.
We need to maintain the CAP budget to ensure these vital environmental services are provided in Ireland and across Europe.
We need to make it possible once again for market operators, particularly institutional investors, which possess their own expertise to actually take responsibility themselves and not outsource the responsibility for investment decisions.
We need to make sure that these vital businesses are not hampered by red tape and bureaucracy, and I agree that the EU needs to renew its efforts to reduce administrative burdens. I am pleased that almost all legislative proposals under the Small Business Act have been adopted but urge Member States to implement the revised Late Payments Directive without delay.
We need to make use of all the possibilities and financial margins available under the Community fisheries budget in order to finance emergency support measures for the industry, thereby enabling it to overcome the difficulties posed by the rise in fuel prices until such time as other types of measure are implemented.
We need to measure quality of life in societies; we need to consider that achieving and sustaining quality of life involves important, consensual factors such as health, education, culture, employment, housing, environmental conditions, etc.
We need to move forward to a common asylum policy by 2012, to have a common migration policy and to facilitate legal immigration for work while combating irregular immigration.
We need to move towards reducing the administrative burdens faced by beneficiaries, including by making wider use of eGovernment facilities, and towards strengthening the role played by local and regional authorities, as well as socio-economic partners.
We need to negotiate hard with those who hold the future of the country in their hands, namely, the tribal chiefs and the heads of the military groups, so that they do not dash the hopes of the people of their country.
We need to organise ourselves in such a way that we can respond to the major challenges posed by 2020. I do not believe that this can be achieved from your position, Mr Ashworth; instead, I would back Mr Böge, who I believe is correct and faithful to the Treaty when he says that we need to have the courage to return to a system that involves what are genuinely our own resources.
We need to place greater emphasis on monitoring of EU expenditure and on a critical assessment of current policies in this field.
We need to provide European young people with a full, attractive and competitive offer in terms of training and education, one that enables them to find a job more easily.
We need to pursue an agricultural policy that involves the development of all regions.
We need to realise that if we were to assume that cohesion policy is a policy only for the poorest, then it should slowly come to an end, which means it should slowly disappear completely from the list of European policies.
We need to realise, however, that this gives rise to obligations on both sides, including in respect of membership of the World Trade Organisation (WTO), in that you cannot just continue doing as you like; rather, these agreed contractual or international rules are binding on everyone and there is no place for arbitrariness in reciprocal dealings.
We need to rebuild the trust in, and value of, this tool and reserve it for only the most serious of crimes, whilst guaranteeing and maintaining the highest of standards in its use.
We need to recognise the problems that there have been with cohesion funds over the years, and that is why regional policy in the forthcoming period must also be made far more effective in terms of its implementation and also made more results-oriented.
We need to reject any statements like those that maintain that we must send Arab immigrants back across the Mediterranean in their boats, and we must defend ourselves against those who want to put an end to our achievement of a Europe without borders and return once again to narrow-minded nationalism.
We need to resolve this issue immediately.
We need to return to public intervention mechanisms in order to guarantee basic prices for small and medium-sized farmers.
We need to safeguard farmers' welfare and strengthen local economies.
We need to see a strong and sustainable CAP - based on two pillars - which will keep farmers on the land, ensure environmental protection, promote the rural economy and provide fairness and transparency for all those who work in the food chain.
We need to see what will ultimately be possible with a partner like India.
We need to seriously review the workings of the arrest warrant to include only a limited list of serious crimes - always satisfying the condition of double criminality - as being the only ones justiciable under the European Arrest Warrant.
We need to set the negotiations in motion. I expect that the EU will persuade President Medvedev to grant his negotiating team full powers to undertake specific commitments.
We need to show European citizens that genuine European solidarity exists and not just pay lip service to it. Mr Dess's report marks a very small step, but it is in the right direction. I also welcome the measures proposed for maintaining territorial balance in the EU. I am pleased that support is expressed in the report for young people in the agricultural sector because we must combat depopulation of rural areas.
We need to silence this cacophony, because it is only in an environment of political cohesion that we can hope for the right conditions that will allow the tremendous efforts being made by the Greek people to be crowned with success.
We need to simplify the future and put the past behind us. You are well acquainted with all these issues as a former Member of the European Court of Auditors.
We need to strive to make all European citizens feel not worried but reassured that our values are at the core of our legislation and are there to stay.
We need to support reform-minded elements in the North, promote an inclusive political dialogue and enhance our efforts to promote human rights.
We need to take care that we do not overburden these SMEs with excessive bureaucracy.
We need to take these big visions from countries with whom we are working and translate them into what it is that we can provide and support.
We need to take time and evaluate the seven options in the Green Paper and make an evidence-based decision on the basis of clear impact assessments.
We need to think hard about qualifications, and qualifications which can be transferred and recognised across the EU. We also need to look at access, so that all of those who need early years education services can get hold of them.
We need to try to handle it in the short term, but also in the long term.
We need to work effectively and quickly in order to give some dignity back to these young people, who want to work and, above all, become part of a world in which they are unlikely to be accepted with open arms.
We need to work very closely with Member States, because many possibilities for action can be found at Member State level, and we continue with the exchange of best practices in this area.
We need transparent, fair and competitive energy relations and we will raise our concerns with the Russian President.
We need young people to take an active part in the economy.
We nevertheless have to remember that this does not eliminate the fundamental problem of rules and systems being too complicated.
We note that the responsibilities are shared, but they also seem to be diluted.
We note the fact that fishing opportunities have been reduced by half and that the cost of licences has been increased to EUR 40 000 for tuna seiners, although there has been an increase in the number of these ships covered by the agreement.
We note with satisfaction here that Articles 5 and 6 would still leave the Commission the power to review investment agreements and withdraw authorisation should such agreements create major problems.
We now continue with the debate on the report by Salvador Garriga Polledo on a new Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF) for a competitive, sustainable and inclusive Europe.
We now have a package before us. We have achieved a great deal.
We now have an opportunity to work with a broader perspective.
We now have the ability, for the first time, to charge for exhaust gases.
We now know that something was found in Lithuania and a parliamentary inquiry has been set up in that country.
We now move to the catch-the-eye part of the debate. I will not be able to give the floor to everybody who has asked, and I would ask those of you who get the floor to keep to your one minute.
We now need the regulations on textile product labelling to be extended to all other market sectors, thereby coordinating the various legislative proposals and insisting that the fibres and textiles proposal, as well as the general origin marking regulation approved in Strasbourg last October, are adopted the Council in short order.
We offer him our best wishes in his work.
We only need to look at the mission in Libya.
We ought to avoid the same errors of conception and implementation.
We ourselves have even proposed very clear language to this effect but, at the same time, one should bear in mind the potential of a robust framework on IPR in India, which can certainly encourage innovation and research, including as regards the development of new medicine.
We owe it to our consumers and businesses to make the right decision for them and ensure that any change of law affecting their rights is properly thought through.
We owe this to our electorate.
We place great importance on an overall analysis of the impact on nature.
We pointed out that in determining the size of the area, and thus deciding on whether an EIA was necessary, an overall view should be taken rather than looking at the area in its narrower sense.
We politicians have, unfortunately, also used this type of argument. I am calling on everyone to work on raising awareness and to acknowledge on both sides that we need to preserve the environment in order for the economy to continue functioning effectively in future.
We propose that Parliament should enter into a strategic dialogue with the European Council, which we call on to discuss Parliament's recommendations, to draw up a proper foreign policy strategy and to devote an extraordinary meeting to European security and defence.
We proposed to the Council that the safety of all the nuclear power stations in the EU should be investigated on the basis of a comprehensive risk and safety evaluation and the Council reached a decision on this at the end of March.
We protest against the elimination of political opponents in Ukraine with the help of the judicial system.
We quite simply need a better basis for the decisions that we take.
We raised this matter when we were in Pakistan, and we heard directly from Members of Parliament there that the measure would be of benefit to industry in their constituencies, so I really think that we should consider the message we send if we do not support this measure.
We realise, in this respect, that there are still some considerable gaps to be bridged between the institutions but, at the end of the day, we will have to find a compromise in the interests of the EU and of its investors.
We really must settle this issue, Commissioner.
We received over 700 such papers from national governments, from European-level associations, from businesses, from universities, and from regional and local organisations.
We recognise that Parliament and the EU have been given new competences.
We recommend that the Council advances effective multilateralism as the overriding strategic concern of the Union and strengthens the coherence and visibility of the EU as a global actor at the UN, inter alia, by better coordinating internal EU consultation on UN issues and by promoting greater outreach on a wide range of issues.
We refer, in particular, to the collection of data regarding air emissions, environmental taxes applicable to various economic sectors and macro-economic material flow accounting.
We refuse to accept the fact that the tests applied at European level have become a communications exercise by a crisis unit for the nuclear industry, which Mr Sarkozy will showcase at the next G8 in order to sell even more European pressurised water reactors (PWRs). That is what we cannot accept, Commissioner.
We refuse to talk about the minors incarcerated and tortured by the United States at Guantánamo despite their being recognised by UNICEF as child soldiers who have been arrested, whereas we would not hesitate to denounce appalling dictatorships and vote for sanctions in other countries.
We regard reverse qualified majority voting as an instrument to be used in exceptional cases, the use of which must always be explained properly and thoroughly, with proper checks carried out to ensure that its use is consistent with primary law.
We regret that the European Union does not have a homogenous formula for a social clause to be inserted in all bilateral trade agreements. I want to point out, Commissioner, that a horizontal civil aviation agreement between the European Union and Canada was voted on recently.
We regret that they have not been adopted in their entirety, specifically those advocating instruments for regulating markets and for intervention mechanisms that guarantee a fair price for farmers and each country's right to produce.
We regret, however, that the registration of organisations has not been made compulsory, especially as it is a de facto obligation to register in order to receive a card to enter our premises.
We rely on the European Commission to achieve that and the European Parliament will be behind the Commission in strengthening Schengen, but if there are two lessons that we have learnt in respect of what happened in recent weeks they are these.
We represent European citizens, and we should all work to serve European citizens.
We request the institutions involved to make the necessary efforts to accelerate the mobilisation of the EGF; appreciates in this sense the improved procedure put in place by the Commission, following the Parliament's request for accelerating the release of grants, aimed at presenting to the budgetary authority the Commission's assessment on the eligibility of an EGF application together with the proposal to mobilise the EGF; hopes that further improvements in the procedure will be reached in the framework of the upcoming review of the EGF; Thus, we recall the institutions' commitment to ensuring a smooth and rapid procedure for the adoption of the decisions on the mobilisation of the EGF, providing one-off, time-limited individual support geared to helping workers who have been made redundant as a result of globalisation and the financial and economic crisis; points out the role that the EGF can play in the reintegration of workers made redundant into the labour market; however, calls for an evaluation on the long-term integration of these workers into the labour market as a direct result of the EGF-funded measures;
We require the following for us to succeed in this.
We respect the outcome of the referendum on the independence of South Sudan, scheduled to take effect on 9 July 2011, as an expression of the democratic will of the Sudanese people.
We say to the regime to change course, and to change course now.
We say, how could it possibly have been constructed so that only the nobility had exemption from taxation? How could we have tolerated a system where only the little guys were paying taxes? But - you know what? - we are recreating exactly that system by shovelling around this public money in order to save some vested interests.
We see no need to intervene'. We need an instrument that we can use to enter into a serious dialogue with the Member States while matters are in progress if there are indications that something is going wrong, so that we do not end up in the same situation as in this case.
We see room for using synergies and avoiding duplications, making things simpler and ensuring that there is clear added value for whatever we do at EU level.
We set up the crisis unit on 30 May 2011 and, at Commission level, we were fully mobilised at that point.
We shall follow up on it at a later stage while taking today's extraordinary Agriculture Council into account. I am not in a position at this moment to give further details but we will definitely follow up on it.
We shall now continue the debate on the Statement by the President of the European Parliament's delegation to the Conciliation Committee - Novel foods.
We share similar challenges: the rise of China, the global financial crisis, decreasing demographics and the need to access raw materials and energy sources and to achieve price stability.
We share this mission together, and this is why, as I close, I would like to ask the Commissioner to relate this serious and important discussion to the Council, which is absent today, so that in the forum of the Council, too, it will be possible to discuss these important tasks for Europe.
We should also actively support international cooperation on improving nuclear safety, and therefore similar stress tests should be carried out in nuclear power stations in Ukraine, on Russian territory and in the former Soviet states.
We should also be aware that derogations are proposed for two types of situation: in the case of difficulties with neighbouring countries and in the case of circumstances that no one could have foreseen. I believe, however, that we have to take the line that time is not on our side and that derogations should not be misused.
We should also be considering which tasks the Commission itself can take responsibility for and whether an agency is needed at all.
We should also be prepared for the eventuality that, just as in Chernobyl, the operator of the plant in Fukushima has made an attempt to conceal the damage and has tried to water down the information relating to these issues.
We should also consider putting parts of the staff expenditure into reserve in the event of the EU TFTP programme - which has only been discussed in the Commission and not, so far, by the Civil Liberties Committee - not coming to fruition.
We should also develop other possible sources of energy, such as shale gas for example, which provides many opportunities to obtain energy without expanding the nuclear energy sector unnecessarily.
We should also not forget these factors, including when it comes to the idea in the proposal of earmarking the revenue from infrastructure charges.
We should also strive to ensure that people are better informed about consumer rights.
We should be able to listen to them and to give them credibility and trust.
We should be encouraging the uptake of new farming technology and not vilifying it. I hope the last three winters will have convinced all of you that there is no threat to us from global warming.
We should be establishing standards in this area together with the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA). We need standards which quite simply guarantee the highest possible level of safety and which ultimately give us the opportunity to avoid putting the population at risk as far as possible.
We should be using real and hard instruments to change things in Libya, Syria, Camp Ashraf and Belarus.
We should debate together the level of the operating costs and the synergies that may be able to be realised with the information centre. A great many Members have taken part in the debate.
We should demand that countries not wishing to join the EU respect the right of association and that they take steps to prevent discrimination on the grounds of gender or age.
We should either get rid of paragraph 29 or change it to say that we are concerned about goods that might be made using child labour.
We should encourage governments that as well as increasing budgetary means allocated each year to research, they should establish a percentage of their budget as a minimum threshold which must be used on research and development-type projects.
We should ensure that there is a direct link between the price of fish and the cost to consumers, but simply subsidising unsustainable practices is not the way to reduce the over-fishing which has caused the economic problems in the first place.
We should give serious consideration to the benefits of thorough, regular inspections coordinated at EU level, especially in the case of shipments to developing countries.
We should have been much more rigorous in setting priorities, but what is most worrying of all in this context is the fact that we have left the setting of priorities to the Council.
We should have liked the Commission proposals to have been accepted for both directives, since the impact on emissions would be truly negligible.
We should instead phase out the subsidies for the common agricultural policy (CAP) and the Structural Funds, but unfortunately, the proposal that was voted through goes in the opposite direction.
We should listen to what communities want, initiate any construction based on their list of priorities and have the belief that mayors know best what are or should be the priorities for their cities.
We should make every effort to improve our research activities in this area so that valuable materials can be segregated at the end of the product lifecycle.
We should never forget that one euro spent on interest rates to pay the debt is one euro that cannot go to the people of Greece, so it is critically important to reduce debt and to control the deficit so that we can restore confidence in the Greek economy, in order to promote growth.
We should never give credit to any authoritarian ruler by engaging in formal relations, even if we have done so in the past.
We should not be attesting to the safety of nuclear power plants: we have to investigate what exactly the risks are and not give people a false sense of security.
We should not believe that we can get away with simply bashing Belarus, because there are severe problems in Azerbaijan and in several other Eastern Partnership countries, and I hope that the forthcoming study commissioned by the Subcommittee on Human Rights will give some guidance on how we should talk to these countries about their human rights situation.
We should not care whether a farm is large or small; instead we should be concerned with whether it is run in an economically sound manner.
We should not expect a resolution of all pending problems at this summit - and yes, we will raise the issue of vegetables.
We should not forget that the European Union is made up of 27 very different Member States.
We should not forget that the effectiveness of the EAW in the fight against cross-border crime, organised crime and terrorism depends on the principle of mutual recognition between Member States, which is the basis for having a real European judicial area and also for the Schengen area to work properly.
We should not forget that we have our own unemployed, but we should equally remember that we are an aging society in Europe and we will have labour supply problems as well.
We should not forget, however, that they merely permit the technical, substantive preparation of a political decision.
We should not simply regard Turkey from the perspective of an accession candidate.
We should not underestimate the fact that these industries make up one of the most dynamic sectors in Europe and contribute 2.6% of EU gross domestic product by offering quality employment to some 5 million European citizens.
We should not use the budget as an excuse for appropriating an important issue that goes beyond the scope of budgetary control, and though I welcome the important work done by Mr Itälä, our rapporteur, I say this with regard to this discharge.
We should note that this policy is evaluated well by Member States and local governments, and I would also like to point here to the favourable position of the Committee on Regional Development.
We should now seek to enhance the uniformity of the rules for import by aligning the rules relating to textile imports with those for other industrial goods, which should improve the overall consistency of the legislative environment in this area.
We should obviously develop and enforce common standards on nuclear safety at international level since radioactive contamination knows no borders, as the Chernobyl disaster revealed and as is confirmed by what is still happening in Fukushima.
We should oppose all attempts at restricting contacts between citizens, and we should oppose all attempts at restricting freedom to travel and be active in the European Union.
We should prioritise just such growth investments, for reasons that include the principle of concentration.
We should put more pressure on the Egyptian authorities to defend the Coptic Christians.
We should start by addressing global governance gaps.
We should take these as a starting point for our continued work.
We should then create a blacklist of these companies, serving as a reference based on the principle of 'naming and shaming'. With help from the national authorities responsible for fighting fraud and from the affected businesses, we could have a simple and effective tool for deterrence and prevention.
We should therefore hold agencies accountable for the effectiveness of their work, but we should remember that the results of this work may now have an incredible impact on the labour market, by linking all vocational training to jobs and professions which are already showing signs of being in short supply in the future European Union.
We should therefore prevent the brain drain from Europe to other places - if anything, Europe should be an area that attracts researchers from elsewhere.
We should therefore professionalise it. For that, however, we need to introduce new measures into the employment systems of individual Member States, including specific regulations in the area of tax, social security, and employment and civil rights which take into account the specific nature of work performed in this way.
We should therefore reject this amendment.
We should try to help our own people and by the same token help others.
We should welcome this report, which emphasises the importance of the Europe 2020 strategy objectives: to combat youth unemployment through efficient and effective measures such as, for example, reducing the school drop-out rate to below 10% and ensuring that at least 40% of young people are educated to university level.
We should work on developing this, not destroying it.
We should, in fact, have administrative sanctions for minor offences rather than the criminal system that is currently employed in my own country.
We simply have to deal with the bureaucracy.
We spend our time doing work that would be far better done by a technical agency responsible for harmonising standards or rules and, other than that, we play at being the United Nations.
We stand for freedom of access to our cultural heritage and daily intergenerational and neighbourly solidarity. I believe that my city has much to offer to European society, and victory in this prestigious contest would contribute to an even greater level of prosperity.
We stand up for this viewpoint in the context of our relationships with all the countries of the world.
We still are, but a once-simple idea has become over-complicated and unworkable.
We stress, therefore, that those efforts require fair, impartial and independent legal proceedings.
We strongly supported this report in view of the EU's policy commitment to simplifying the legislation in force.
We submit the 'six-pack' to the Council in the knowledge that the Hungarian Presidency has done everything it could to come to an agreement, as praised by President Barroso and by your colleagues in this House in committee meetings.
We support the accession of Bulgaria and Romania provided that all preconditions are met (as is the case, according to the experts' opinion).
We support the initiative to reduce waste to a minimum, and, if research and development results make it possible, to perform further recycling, because the principle of reversibility is very important for us.
We support the renewal of the exclusion clause which goes into greater detail both in the clauses concerning suspension and revision of payment of financial compensation, and in those concerning suspension of implementation of the protocol in certain circumstances.
We support this amendment to the Rules of Procedure of the European Parliament which allows the Conference of Presidents, in the case of a legislative matter of major importance, to take the decision to implement a procedure with joint meetings of parliamentary committees and a joint vote.
We support this directive, even if we do not agree with every element of it, because it reduces political obstacles and establishes the necessary financial conditions and independence.
We supported this resolution and tabled a question to the Commission because we believe it is fundamental at this moment in time, when oil prices have been at an all-time high for some months.
We take note of this request and will pass it on to the relevant bodies.
We talked about the discussions he had had with the opposition and the proposals on the table. I told him that he knew what he had to do - in the interests of his country - and that he should do it. In my meetings in the Gulf, I met with the King of Bahrain.
We talked about what type of regulation is appropriate for the Internet, while maintaining the freedom and potential for innovation that the Internet offers.
We then made efforts to encourage these countries to contact the candidate countries as well.
We therefore applaud the way in which various parties are carrying out their tasks and, in this respect, it is worth mentioning some of the biggest immediate challenges that the newly created state will encounter.
We therefore believe that the Commission should forward to the European Parliament the conclusions of the meetings and activities of the Joint Committee, together with the sectoral fisheries programme referred to in the protocol and the results of the relevant annual evaluations.
We therefore believe that this prize should be abolished.
We therefore call for effective regulation of the financial sector, and putting a stop to the liberalisation of capital movements, to tax havens, to derivatives, and to CRAs and their operations.
We therefore chose to support paragraph 5, which calls for greater transparency with regard to Members' expenditure allowance.
We therefore consider the 'six-pack' to be a missed opportunity to put genuine economic governance in place.
We therefore expect the Commission to respond to our call for it to maintain the flow of information and to provide the responsible committee with comprehensive information about the intention to propose negotiations with a view to concluding and amending international air agreements, so that Parliament as a whole can express its opinion in full knowledge of the facts.
We therefore feel duty bound to promote effective multilateralism as the overriding strategic concern of the Union and to strengthen the consistency and visibility of the EU as a global player.
We therefore have to make that choice in our external policy budget for the coming years. I await with curiosity the Commission's answer to a number of comments made by Mr Bart Staes in his excellent report.
We therefore hope that a huge effort will be made to simplify registration procedures in India's bureaucratic system, which is very onerous, perhaps even more onerous than the European one, which says it all.
We therefore need - as she has already said - a coherent EU strategy for culture within EU external policy.
We therefore need a framework for the cultural and creative sector within which it can develop sustainably in the face of the challenges of the digital age.
We therefore need the European External Action Service to immediately adopt a coherent and unified strategy of cultural diplomacy, including the appointment of an EU special representative to third countries.
We therefore need to be even better at creating growth and jobs through research and innovation - otherwise the EU will be left out of the knowledge race.
We therefore need to be very clear, think strategically and make freedom and the rule of law the yardstick for our relations throughout our eastern neighbourhood, and particularly when it comes to Belarus.
We therefore need to clarify the fact that development cooperation is the one policy area of external action, besides humanitarian aid, which has not been designed to serve EU interests, but to defend the interests of the most marginalised and vulnerable populations on this planet.
We therefore need to decide how Europe should behave: should it always be 'united' whatever the consequences, or should it always leave the Member States free, in which case the European Union itself must adapt?
We therefore need to investigate the effects of the rise in fuel prices on the economy and employment in the EU. Which sectors are particularly at risk and what sort of support could be provided without it distorting competition? We therefore call on the Commission to look into this.
We therefore need to maintain it and it is important in itself and, then, as we trade with India, a number of what are commonly known as non-trade concerns, such as minority rights, child labour and caste discrimination, will crop up. I call this 'the trader's take on things'. This way of thinking pervades the resolution that is before us.
We therefore need to make the stress tests more transparent and reliable - and we are headed in the right direction - but we also need to make the response more effective.
We therefore need to oppose this new secular religion and madness, which is placing a question mark over whether there was any sense at all in countries such as Poland joining the European Union, since it would be forced to spend much more money on reducing CO2 emissions than its net gains from cohesion policy to date.
We therefore need to significantly increase financing of science and innovation, so as to promote scientific excellence throughout Europe.
We therefore need to work intensively on the issues of copyright, social security and intellectual property, but also on open access to information and content, in order to ensure the continued development of the creative and cultural sector in the future in a digital environment and in order to enable us to retain cultural diversity and the cultural heritage of Europe as a significant distinguishing feature of the European Union.
We therefore regret that the call for point 31 - 'Stresses that no directive regulating CSR and enforcing respect for it should be adopted at EU level' - to be removed has been rejected.
We therefore run the risk of setting dangerous precedents or, worse still, of making political use of trade preferences that should perhaps follow criteria that are rather more objective, and rather less discretionary and contextual than in this case.
We therefore suggest that the free trade agreement contain guarantees to ensure the independence of European family entrepreneurs, smallholders and producers, through which Europe might overcome the economic crisis in which we currently find ourselves.
We therefore take a critical stance, and we have put forward alternative proposals that respond effectively both to the need for agricultural production to ensure food sovereignty and food security in every country, and to the problems of family farming and rural development.
We therefore urge the European Commission to continue along this route, by presenting a White Paper on forest protection to deal with these issues.
We therefore voted in favour of the report.
We therefore welcome both the special report drawn up by the Court of Auditors on professional training activities financed by the European Social Fund, and a study evaluating the viability and options regarding the inclusion of certain elements in the gender perspective.
We therefore welcome the Commissioner's cautious approach to this issue and we call on Parliament as a whole to follow that approach, which inspired our group's motion for a resolution.
We think it is precisely through this kind of dialogue that we will be able to help these countries, especially by increasing participation by civil society.
We think that all parties have a strong interest in reaching a swift agreement. I regret that the proposal put forward to the plenary is different from the compromise we arrived at after a series of negotiation rounds and does not take into account the final compromise offer of the Council.
We think that this is very wrong.
We think this is very important because one of the things I consider essential in relation to innovation is that we should have a 'living document': in other words, that we will have the opportunity on a regular basis - in Parliament, internationally at the Innovation Convention, and also at Heads of State or Government level - to monitor progress and to insist, where the progress is slow, on speeding it up. That is very important if this initiative is going to be successful, to create the kind of jobs we want and to deliver what we expect it to deliver at the end of the day.
We thus did not achieve what we were hoping for in this regard.
We thus have a series of anniversaries which are important for us to remember, and for Europe to remember, but I believe that the presence of our fellow Members from Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia proves that Europeans are able to conquer adversity and overcome huge tension, which is why we are very pleased to see our fellow Members here with us, particularly today.
We thus need less control-freakery in funding applications and - something that is very important - to offer service to those who come to us for funding and promotion, to provide a one-stop shop for applicants, new business founders, SME operators and, where appropriate, for regions and research bodies.
We tried to find a solution. I think we were moving in the right direction and we will have to see in the coming weeks what the impact may possibly be of what has recently been happening in Pakistan.
We trust that the European Parliament's message will act as a guide and that unanimity will be achieved in the Council so that a final decision can be taken.
We underline the need to maintain close contacts and support programmes for the development of civil society in Russia. I would like to inform you, Commissioner, that today there is very worrying news from Nizhny Novgorod, where the summit will be just starting.
We understand the people who are taking to the streets to protest and, what is more, what we are doing is giving a precise structural answer to those people's concerns: good jobs, sustainable growth and room in the future for an adequate social policy.
We urgently need an end to any imperialist intervention in Sudan and to any act of hostility and opposition between North and South.
We urgently need to take action in this regard. I would ask you, Commissioner, to ensure that this decision takes account not only of performance range and performance level, but that, above all, we also establish a common European market with regard to price level that enables people to use data services even when they are not in their own Member State.
We use them for recreation and for employment, and yet forests are so different for each of us, in each area of Europe.
We used the amendments tabled to request a bridging of the digital divide so that all EU citizens have access to the broadband communications infrastructure at no less than 30 Mbps by 2020, and that opportunities are secured for both the commercial sector and public services by means of increased broadband capacities.
We very much appreciate that.
We voted against for all these reasons.
We voted against the two separate votes (paragraphs 19 and 20), and both were adopted; we voted against at the final vote, but the text was adopted.
We want President Aliyev to keep his word.
We want a fairer distribution of aid both among Member States and among farmers, through the introduction of a new system not linked to production but based on environmental and social criteria; that is to say, one that promotes employment.
We want a growing European economy.
We want a scientifically sound concept for measuring the consumption of resources to enable appropriate political decisions to be taken.
We want a serious debate about what is referred to as own resources, and this is also important in order for us to eliminate the unhealthy elements in the current financing structure: more rebates, unclear and non-transparent arrangements and so on. It cannot continue like this in the future, and in this regard, I hope that we can initiate a constructive dialogue with the Council concerning the future.
We want an open debate about the Council's budget.
We want part of that borrowing - a limited amount, of course - to be shared in the long term using a full-blown market regulatory instrument.
We want the euro finally to take on the mantle of a world currency, we want a large and liquid market, which will reduce the cost of borrowing.
We want the money actually to be spent on research and development, not to be kept in the pocket.
We want to be a Parliament which is open to the public, but at the same time safety requirements dictate that we must adopt certain measures which have not been necessary to date.
We want to believe that the region will avoid the risk of disputes and clashes erupting because of the borders, demographics and migration patterns due to oil and other natural resources, which are plentiful in both countries, statistically poor though they may be.
We want to believe that, once a democratic decision is taken in the referendum, South Sudan will resolve its outstanding issues with its northern neighbour by peaceful means, that is, through negotiation.
We want to establish a partnership with Russia, but we need to negotiate from a position of strength and self-confidence.
We want to examine whether European local authorities, hospitals or ministries are, in future, to be obliged to make calls for tenders in which Indian companies can also be included.
We want to guarantee every country's right to produce, and we are against liberalisation of the dairy sector and of planting rights in the wine sector.
We want to have genuine own resources, as described in the Treaty.
We want to introduce a transaction levy as a resource of our own, accepting the challenges and adhering to the Treaty rather than burying our heads in the sand.
We want to know when, and what will replace them? Without that knowledge it is very difficult for farmers to plan for the future.
We want to know whether the agreement text will put small-scale farmers and fishermen in India at risk and whether European steel workers are threatened with redundancy because Indian capital will, in future, be able to be invested freely in the purchase of companies in the EU as a result of the agreement.
We want to lay down the priorities for their access to research and innovation funding and to innovative financial instruments.
We want to make it easier for young people and the most vulnerable to access culture and creative content, and we want to encourage mobility and promote cultural diversity as well as the use and spread of free software and open standards.
We want to put those proposals back on track.
We want to see respect for fundamental freedoms and genuinely inclusive democratic governments in both North and South Sudan.
We want to show that 2014 is the year that would mark the start of a long period of peace, or would continue the long period of peace that has already started.
We want to strengthen the principle of multi-level governance.
We want to work jointly to ensure that we have detailed and reliable proof of the waste management routes and their safety, particularly as the storage periods will be very long.
We welcome the fact that MEPs have clearly set out their stall to this end ahead of the forthcoming debate on the future financing of the EU. The EU needs a proper and predictable system for financing its own budget in order to end the perpetual, damaging squabbling over national contributions to the EU budget.
We welcome the fact that the assessment by this Parliament has also led to similar conclusions. I particularly commend the work of the rapporteur, Carlos Coelho, for his professional and personal dedication.
We welcome the outcome of the recent All Stakeholders Conference in Doha and hope it will provide for such important developments towards lasting peace in Darfur.
We welcome your visit to Sudan and that of our fellow Members, including Mrs De Keyser's activities.
We went on a local fact-finding mission - Mrs Lichtenberger accompanied me - and the impression that the European Union can act as some kind of supreme court of appeal is entirely misplaced.
We were certainly somewhat divided on this subject during the initial phases, but in our final positions, we were substantially in agreement.
We were initially opposed to the report since it applied the same rules to lobbyists as to public bodies, including the regions' representatives to the EU; following our requests, however, the report was amended.
We were not successful, but the questions have been raised and I am sure that, if Commissioner Dalli is true to his word, we will be able to find a way again to provide ourselves with good regulations on cloning and novel foods.
We were prepared, at any given point, to make a number of concessions, but it was never enough.
We were rightly made to prove ourselves, to prove that we met the Copenhagen criteria, to prove that we enjoyed fully-functioning market economies and so on and so forth, but unfortunately this level of scrutiny was not applied to some European countries when entering the euro zone.
We were thus unable to reach a compromise on this issue.
We will abandon the end result until July, and I hope that the Hungarian Presidency, which has proved so successful, will also be able to reach an agreement that satisfies everyone.
We will also come forward with proposals before the end of 2011 to step up training on the Arrest Warrant for police authorities, judicial authorities and legal practitioners in order to ensure consistency and effectiveness in the way it is applied and raise awareness of the new EU safeguards for procedural rights.
We will also continue developing action specifically devoted to environment and energy experts within the Enterprise Europe network.
We will also underline the need to cooperate on fighting climate change.
We will be giving arguments to the populists, the extremists and, in some cases, the xenophobes who want to call into question the great acquis communautaire in this area.
We will be helping the world and many people, but primarily we will also be helping ourselves to be decent and to respect each other as an institution and as Europeans, but also so that our continent maintains its social model, which is impossible to maintain if we are an island of protection and rights within a world of misery and lack of protection.
We will be voting on the report tomorrow.
We will closely follow the discussions on implementation of the labour standards enshrined in the ILO Convention, and I would point out that the Commission welcomes the emphasis in today's motion for a resolution on the need for the EU to promote the ILO core labour standards and the decent work agenda worldwide, including gender equality and non-discrimination policy as a cross-cutting issue.
We will continue to fight for a better economic package.
We will continue to wait for the results that follow from the development of the EEAS.
We will create a network of good practices and innovation at European level, a network containing researchers, consultants, instructors, farmers and the food production industry, in order to ensure that we can shorten the chain from the production of knowledge to its use in practice.
We will do our utmost to ensure that the system is up and running by 2012.
We will emerge from the crisis not by pinpointing scapegoats (Europe, the International Monetary Fund and others), but by rolling up our sleeves - and when I say 'us', I am of course talking about the political class, but also about all of the 500 million European citizens.
We will emphasise the need for further reforms, as I stressed in my opening remarks, in the Russian electricity and gas sector with a view to establishing a level playing field.
We will encourage and support better collaboration between business and academia through the creation of knowledge alliances to develop new curricula that address innovation skills gaps.
We will examine this matter in depth in order to provide clear rules, prevent misleading information and facilitate responsible choices by consumers when purchasing textile products.
We will give you a written answer on this issue. I believe that when a transport facility is built, we should include not only the area of land under the cable, in other words, not just the route of the lift, which is one metre wide and several thousand metres long.
We will have a majority in Parliament, as we will see tomorrow, and a majority in the Council to really step up our climate ambitions and make sure that the true future economy is the green economy.
We will have to face very complex challenges as well as the economic crisis, demographic decline and energy shortages.
We will have to vote on it and see what Parliament's position will be. I would have liked us to have had a position that we all agreed on in order to be better placed to enter into negotiations with the Council.
We will help you to establish the European External Action Service (EEAS). However, we also expect the type of leadership which will allow for policy making at a higher level and which will convince the Member States, despite the complex requirement for unanimity.
We will keep to this obligation.
We will need to continue to support efforts to achieve a comprehensive and just peace in Darfur, trying to secure a positive outcome from the peace negotiation process and create enabling conditions on the ground for a Darfur-based political process.
We will need to involve regional actors more effectively in this process, as well as the World Health Organisation (WHO). As recently as yesterday, I was on the phone with Margaret Chan, the Director-General of the WHO, about this aspect of coordinating information and ensuring full coordination before any communication takes place.
We will not accept discrimination, and we will not give up the protection of human life and human dignity.
We will not be complicit in this attempt to make Europe turn its back on its citizens and its own interests; we are not resigned to impassively pondering the way in which our problems are getting worse; and we do not accept double standards.
We will not be sitting in our ivory tower and we will not be naively accepting the results provided by the national authorities.
We will not give up on this piece of legislation, which we worked for for so long, both within and outside the Union. I hope that my fellow Members will tomorrow lend their support in large numbers to an amendment that I have tabled along with a number of other Members.
We will now update and complete these proposals and we will do all we can to achieve swift results.
We will pay very close attention to the correct application of this legislation.
We will probably need common rules in this area, otherwise there may be disputes or people may be excluded and told that the matter does not concern them because they are citizens of another state.
We will repeat our invitation to Russia to engage in negotiations on a comprehensive Euratom-Russia agreement which should promote the highest standards for nuclear safety.
We will see the European Commission project at the end of this month, when it will be also be presented in Parliament.
We will see what happens, therefore, either in this Parliament when your pact with the eurosceptics has fallen through, or at the polls in France in 2010 and in Germany in 2013, where I think the voters will agree with us.
We will tackle that point if there is still any hesitation to be overcome.
We will therefore have to be alert to any new impact that a new and more far-reaching trade agreement may have on fragile sectors of the Indian economy. I am thinking, for example, of agriculture - our Indian colleagues spoke to us about this - and of the consequences for sectors that are particularly exposed to competition from emerging countries in Europe, and I am thinking of the car industry.
We will therefore not shirk from demanding that the Council be held accountable for the money given to the Council from the Community budget to finance its work.
We will, of course, be making substantial proposals in this area.
We wish to say specifically to Mrs Liotard that, as regards the internal Council document you quoted, the Member States were aware of it and naturally the Council was aware of it, and even discussed it. It helped in establishing our position.
We won only one amendment, of minor importance, on the recitals, which was clearly 'granted' to us by the EPP and ALDE Groups in order to appease us so that the Greens/EFA position in the final vote would be positive.
We would actually be creating a split personality for ourselves, considering that we have adopted resolutions on the implementation of the Europe 2020 strategy and that we are drafting reports, as I am doing myself, on implementing the platform to combat poverty.
We would also ask the Council to stop thinking like an accountant and put on its politician's hat for once, and not to do its calculations by trying to work out how to cut back on payments, because we could end up in the Court of Justice given that, as you have reminded us Commissioner Lewandowski, the payments are legal obligations deriving from pre-existing commitments.
We would ask for maximum focus on this whole issue and for steps to be taken so that Europe can recover its credibility, including through rigorous measures.
We would encourage it to sign and to ratify the Cotonou Agreement, which will open the door to new prospects for cooperation.
We would have preferred a message congratulating Mr Chissano on his mediation work, which led him to present a road map to the SADC for the resolution of the political crisis in Madagascar. A new meeting of the SADC is to be held in Johannesburg on Saturday in the presence of all the representatives of the different strands of political opinion in Madagascar to ratify this road map.
We would have preferred the register to be mandatory, not just for those who work within the Commission and Parliament buildings, but also for those who ply their trade elsewhere, for example over a glass of wine in one of Brussels' many bars.
We would have preferred to lighten the penalties, but we had to agree to them as part of the compromises.
We would have the resources for investment in research and development, fighting climate change and in building solidarity between the regions of the EU. Europe should lead the world by levying this tax within its borders and campaigning for it to be introduced in the rest of the world. I urge the European Commission to act promptly on foot of this report and meet the demands of this democratically elected Parliament to bring forward appropriate measures.
We would have wanted more of it, but it is definitely an important step, and in that I mean not only the percentage that will now be earmarked, but also the reporting obligation on the part of the Member States.
We would like all the 23 million small and medium-sized enterprises to be able to hire at least one more employee.
We would like culture to play a part in the external actions of the European Union, and not only, Lord Dartmouth and Mr Kuhn, through well paid officials, but rather by constructing a better process for peace, stability and understanding between different cultures.
We would like the agency to inform Parliament of the actions taken and the improvements made, and we call on the Court of Auditors to conduct a specific audit on the implementation of the European Police College's action plan.
We would like the protection of biodiversity to be a priority for the European Union through its various fields of competence.
We would like to hear the speech of Commissioner Viviane Reding on these issues.
We would like to see it. We have repeatedly asked the Council to let us have it, but we have never received it. This is because it does not exist.
We would like to see this Green Paper having a short and long-term impact through specific developments at European level in such areas as taxation adapted to on-line cultural goods and services and the possibility of exploiting the financing facilities available through the EIB and the EIF.
We would like to thank Baroness Ashton for her commitment and for the important statements she has made.
We would not want to waste all the work done and the positive things achieved, including, for example, the contribution of our amendment on the right of recourse, which is intended to bring about a clear improvement in the activity of small traders without harming consumer rights.
We would not wish to strike German consumers the extra blow of depriving them of foods that are absolutely essential for their diet and their health.
We would point out that, in addition to the abovementioned import control mechanisms, it has been mandatory since 2010 to indicate the country of origin of certain third-country products in order to better inform consumers about their origin.
We would point out the need for the integration of equality - for equality to be taken into account in the budget. I hear my fellow Members talk about the future budget and increased resources and so on. It is not just a question of increased resources, but also of having the political courage to reprioritise aspects in the budget and utilise the skills that women have.
We would stand accused of political instrumentalisation, and we would be undermining the trust of citizens in our own institution.
We would stress the warning that this incorporation of the EDF into the EU general budget must not lead to an overall reduction in development spending with regard to the two current finance instruments.
We would very much like to find a solution that allows the Erasmus programme for young entrepreneurs to continue.
We, Members of the European Parliament, once again stressed our main objective of a strong and decisive Parliament in foreign policy, particularly now having in mind the provisions of the Lisbon Treaty.
We, Members of the European Parliament, today adopted a joint declaration, which aims to protect European consumers from false or misleading claims on the origin of the products. I strongly believe that the resolution and declaration will give a major impetus towards the creation of a mechanism of providing accurate information to consumers, particularly with regard to the exact origin of the products purchased. EU citizens must have the right to know the place of origin and quality level of products and textiles that they purchase.
We, as members of the European Union, should remember this because, all too often, the Union presents us with a narrow picture of itself, as little more than a system of bodies of economic cooperation, and we forget the wider picture.
We, however, maintain that the Commission should inform Parliament of the conclusions of the meetings and proceedings of the Joint Committee, together with the findings of the regular assessments, and should also commit to submitting an implementation review of the Agreement.
We, in the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) have the courage to push through such a set of rules.
We, the Commission, can put this in place, bilaterally with the government, but I believe efforts are necessary from all those that can contribute, namely in terms of technical assistance coming from different Member States.
We, the European Parliament should say clearly that, if Russia's President, Dmitri Medvedev, wants to come to the European Parliament, he should appear here together with prisoner of conscience, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, and this would be the most effective strategy and tactic for the modernisation of Russia.
We, the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialist and Democrats in the European Parliament, introduced radical changes to the draft produced by the German conservative rapporteur of the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats), regarded by many as woefully inadequate, and we succeeded in obtaining a majority in the European Parliament on the objective of a fairer allocation of agricultural payments.
We, the posers of the question, have summarised the most important issues in 34 points in the proposal for a decision. I would like to mention a few of these.
We, the socialist delegates, believe that it would be very good if, at the next meeting in June, this draft convention and recommendation were to be approved and if Parliament, the Commission and the Council were to be active - not just passive but active - so that Europe measures up to what it says and its actions reflect its words.
We, too, have been a strong supporter of Palestinian state-building, so when the ad hoc Liaison Committee meeting was hosted by us on 13 April, I listened to the praise for the work of Salam Fayyad, for his remarkable achievements in governance, the rule of law and human rights, education, health and social protection - sufficient for a functioning government according to the World Bank. I have acknowledged the importance of Palestinian reconciliation behind President Abbas as an opportunity and something that the European Union has called for for years.
Weak points have been seen in the Hungarian constitution not only by the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs, but also by the Committee on Constitutional Affairs.
Well, I am glad that the rapporteur is so sure, but at the moment, the origin marking regulation does not yet exist and we do not really know if, when or how it will be adopted.
Well, I suppose in some ways, you may well need Mrs Lagarde because not only is Greece going bust, not only are we heading for the fourth bail-out, but as I have warned before in this Assembly, the validity of the European Central Bank itself will very shortly be called into question. I have warned that you cannot go on buying your own bad debt, but we have reached the point where, within weeks, we may well see that the ECB itself is not solvent, so perhaps your friend Mrs Lagarde can help bail that out as well.
Well, it is all about the label: few of these missions stand up to scrutiny.
Well, there was no clear line from the European Parliament. I heard a lot of diverging opinions, which in itself shows how complex this matter is.
Well, what does this United Nations report to which Mr Van Orden refers do? It simply restates the facts and calls for there to be a mechanism for international justice, which one knows must be approved by the government.
Well-financed cohesion policy should be closer to EU citizens and should continue to address all European Union regions and societal challenges, both helping the poorer to catch up and delivering smart, sustainable and inclusive growth in the whole European Union.
Welsh farmers feel the flawed EID system amounts to a stealth tax.
Were it to happen that way, it would only reinforce the view of the Hungarian Prime Minister, who compared the EU to the Soviet Union.
What I am particularly pleased about is the fact that we are opening the door to modern technologies, that we are not sticking with simple old-fashioned textile labels in textile products and that we are actually going to look into the possibility of using modern technologies in order to provide the consumer with the best possible information.
What I am saying to you is, could you use your offices to at least suggest the use of canned fish? We are the people who are funding this and I would like to have an opportunity to meet with somebody from your DG to discuss this, because I come from an area where there is an abundance of fish but there is no other type of job.
What I expect from you and from the Commission - because it is apparently Commission money we are talking about - is not big plans about changing the Neighbourhood Policy.
What I find particularly difficult is the issue of what do we talk about and what do we not? Let us consider the fact that Sudan is trying to influence the forthcoming referendum in Abyei by insisting that those herdsmen who spend part of their time there and part away from there are included in the count.
What I hope, and what my group is hoping - as, I think, are the majority in this Parliament - is that we can end this Summit with a more decisive, more comprehensive and bolder approach to the current crisis.
What I notice in the speeches of many leaders, whether they are in countries in difficulties or countries that pay out and are net contributors, is an irresponsible discourse that often even appeals to certain extremely negative features of their nationalities.
What I think matters most is that we contribute to a plan of action, whose aim is to help us reach a new awareness of technology, so that new economic opportunities may be created for Europe. I believe especially in the need to train new people and in professional, young and highly qualified individuals, who are able to rise to the challenges posed by the new global market.
What I want, above all, is respect for social rights, and respect for something we proclaim as a major achievement of the European Union.
What Mr Oettinger has achieved over the last few months is an example to us all. I am not trying to say that everything is exactly how we wanted it. We will only be able to tell at the end if this is what we wanted.
What Mr Verhofstadt failed to mention is that other savings are available to the UK. Businesses forced to spend GBP 30 million to comply with EU regulations could save this by taking back control from Europe. UK fishermen would love to have the GBP 3.3 billion in their pockets: the value of the catch lost when the EU let other countries fish in their territorial waters.
What Mrs Wallis is proposing is nothing short of creating a 28th legal system, in addition to national laws, which it intends to replace in practice; the words legislative 'harmonisation' and 'standardisation' are now feared in the European political context.
What a change in comparison to the era when Europe was scattered with border posts where checks - nit-picking ones at times - were the norm, not to mention the impossibility for citizens in the East to cross the iron curtain without risking their lives!
What a statistic that is. Food products provided by aid agencies and intended for distribution to the poor for free are now being sold on the market.
What about also encouraging Member States, as soon as they have applied for the EGF, to start putting in place themselves the measures that they have applied for under the EGF, because that at least would ensure that workers would not be waiting for the application of the Fund?
What action does the Commission plan to take in order to include the subject of gender equality in European climate change policy?
What additional conclusions can we draw in order for Europe to develop in a balanced way in terms of its social, economic and environment policy? The Commission wants to extend the economic accounts to key aspects of sustainable development.
What are the causes of the crisis? We have constantly been emphasising the fact that the causes include a failure to comply with the rules, the blocking of sanctions and the lack of progress on taking the monetary union to the next stage.
What are the issues in which we can still be partners, and which are the ones in which we cannot be partners? We would like to distinguish refugees who are genuine asylum seekers under international law.
What are these? These are better access to loans and market access, both in European and global terms, as well as enhancing the conditions of market access and alleviating administrative burdens.
What are we asking for in this report? We are asking for the Commission to proceed with the White Paper on adapting to and protecting forests from climate change, we are asking for a new regulation to replace the old regulation on the prevention of forest fires, we are asking for a new regulation to replace the old regulation on information on the state of forests and, finally, we are asking for an increase in funding for forests under the second pillar of the common agricultural policy.
What are we doing to achieve food security? We could be facing a crisis in the next nine or ten years.
What can you do? Make public the fact that European cooperation has failed and identify who is responsible.
What divides us in Parliament differs from our issues with the Council but, however difficult it may be, we have to stand up to our democratic duty.
What do we need, then? First of all, those in this House who brought Greece into the euro area should confess their guilt, as should the Belgian Finance Minister, Mr Reynders.
What do we want to achieve? Innovation is not just a question of one building, one ministry, one programme.
What do we want tomorrow? Do we want 27 different charging systems, or do we want all the Member States to work to the same rules? Or do we have to wait for further crises before we hear the call for action at European level again? For me, the Eurovignette, too, makes one thing clear, namely, that only Europe brings the answer.
What do you intend to do about this Commissioner? Will you propose specific measures, such as the introduction of a special provision on human rights which will allow judges to examine the content of cases, as happens in the United Kingdom and Ireland, or will they continue to simply rubber stamp judgments handed down in other Member States? Will you make provision for the suspect or defendant to be heard, so that the judge can decide whether or not he should be sent back to the country in which he is wanted, in order to prevent abuse, such as extradition for political opinions? Do you intend to propose such changes within the framework of the road map on procedural rights or by amending legislation on the European Arrest Warrant?
What do you know about the massive human rights violations that were committed in Hungary in 2006? Please summarise it. They were no less serious and no fewer in number than those of Lukashenko, and as a human rights lawyer, I strongly condemn both - your comrades shooting at people's eyes and arbitrary detentions, as well as Lukashenko's violations of human rights.
What does Mr Barroso actually base this power upon? Is it not the case that financial aid for Greece is expressly prohibited under the Treaty of Lisbon? Is it not the case that national parliaments have to approve such aid individually? Is it not the case that they are also allowed to say 'no'?
What does he think if Germany, refusing to build nuclear plants on its own territory, accepts their being built at our borders and buys this 'dirty' power? What kind of a picture of solidarity and morals is that?
What does the Commission then do? It tables a communication, instead of saying: 'People, that is absolutely the wrong road to go down.
What effect will this have on the EU-India FTA?
What exactly is available to us? The European Union is. The European Union is a work in progress, an unfinished work, which we have so often failed to complete precisely because of our weakness and fear.
What explains your great impatience and determination to see a European appointed if not your desire to take this step, which you tell us is not urgent and can keep for another day? If we want to make a go of multilateralism, then we ourselves need to set an example, be consistent and show how well it can work in the future, because the IMF has an absolutely crucial role to play in the field of global governance, a role that transcends the issue of European debt and of the sovereign debt situations of the European countries that are struggling.
What growth? In September 2009, I asked Commissioner Andor what specific measures he would introduce to assist SMEs, following my similar request of him when he spoke to the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs on taking up the portfolio. I got no answers then, but now it seems I have some.
What guarantees is the Commission giving that this problem will be tackled effectively? It is giving none whatsoever.
What happened on 8 April is deplorable and has, and had, my strongest condemnation. I have been adamant that we need a strong united EU response. I have written to the Foreign Minister of Iraq and I spoke to him again yesterday.
What happens that is so infinitely more decisive for the fate of the European Union in the Bahamas compared with Baghdad? Would it not be better to have 17 officials in Baghdad, since we are close to signing the first EU-Iraq agreement in post-Saddam history? Might they perhaps even resolve the Camp Ashraf drama in situ, since I am sure that your personal intervention could easily lead to a positive solution to it?
What happens, then, when the people do not understand? In Finland we recently had elections.
What has also been confirmed is that the Commission must do what it has not done up to now, which is to act with conviction on various fronts: stop the outbreak; prevent unfounded suspicions from being given a glimmer of credibility, seriously affecting a Member State - in this case, Spain - by taking the necessary measures to achieve this; compensate the damage suffered without delay and restore to the Spanish brand its image of safe, very high quality agricultural products.
What has been the result? Powerlessness in the face of the crisis, harm caused by the euro, the trade agreements and the Schengen Agreement, useless posturing, interferences and obstacles in other domains.
What has happened is totally unacceptable and we have been fobbed off with spurious pretexts.
What he wants are transparent borders - he basically wants Abkhazia and South Ossetia back - and he has, of course, also put the import ban on Georgian wines and mineral water on the agenda.
What hypocrisy! The capitalist system has created poverty and misery across the world and is incapable of dealing with the consequences.
What is advancing faster than anticipated last year is the creation of the European Emergency Response Centre. I can assure you it would make a big difference because it would allow us to accelerate work on scenario planning - what kinds of disasters we have to be prepared for, and also on modelisation of the committed Member States' assets.
What is also clear - as in the case of Portugal, for example - is the damage that results from trade and investment policies that do not give due consideration to the interests, circumstances and conditions of the country, since they are essentially decided by the major powers of the EU in defence of the interests of their major companies; the balance within the EU tipped decisively towards these powers when the Union strengthened its competences.
What is certain is that the serious shortcomings of this regulation have been exposed and that it is necessary to review the current legal framework in order to define precisely, among other things, the crisis management procedures used by the competent authorities, to attribute errors or omissions to the perpetrator in the food chain (and traceability is used to this end), to prevent health protection from concealing commercial barriers and to arbitrate compensation procedures for damage to trade and loss of profit.
What is certain, and is also mentioned in the Commission communication, is that Europe does not lack in potential, whether human, technical, commercial or financial.
What is even more serious is that the Hungarian Government is using the EU Presidency not to contribute to the construction of a united Europe, but to support the resurgence of a nationalism which we thought had been forgotten.
What is happening in Belarus has to be evaluated in a very principled way, and more pressure has to be applied.
What is happening now in Tunisia? At best, the situation can be described as chaotic, with the transitional government about to be overthrown again.
What is happening now is the most serious effort so far to establish unity, which is, in itself, key to achieving the two-state solution. I have been in close contact with President Abbas and Prime Minister Fayyad, as well as with Egypt, the Arab League, the United States and with Israel.
What is happening to Greece may one day apply to Ireland or Portugal, to Spain or Belgium, or to Italy or France. I have a question for the European institutions: how can countries in difficulties bear the scandalous interest rates imposed on them and at the same time reduce their budget deficit and public debt and promote economic growth and create jobs? Do you not think that with that kind of treatment these countries run the risk of dying not from the disease but from the cure?
What is important now is to help those who want us to help them, and to do that in an effective way.
What is more, I must observe - and Mr Dalli said it himself - that the German authorities clearly took the view that they would do without European Union experts, patronisingly and arrogantly believing that they had no need for them.
What is more, better cooperation and coordination on development policy between Member States could save us EUR 6 billion.
What is more, the effectiveness of the measure has not been proven: road transport and its associated pollution costs will continue to increase until an intermodal infrastructure network has been developed.
What is more, the fight against undeclared work, which is widespread in the domestic work sector, is an integral part of the Europe 2020 strategy as the first annual growth survey has confirmed.
What is more, this is a city that makes it abundantly clear how badly Europe failed and how important it is to act together.
What is more, we still do not have a proper stress test for the insurance market. I am calling on you, Mr Barnier, also to take a close look at this area. I am disappointed that the European Banking Authority, which we established and which is responsible for the stress tests, actually failed its own stress test.
What is more, we were not given answers to any of several dozen specific questions, which included questions regarding the funding arrangements for the European External Action Service, which was set up in late 2009 (the Rivellini report contains a full list of questions). If we remind ourselves of the difficulties that accompanied the debates on the Council's expenditure in 2007 and 2008 and the far-reaching concessions granted by Parliament in this respect, this year's position is understandable.
What is needed are urgent and profound changes to current trade policy in order to take into account the specificities of each EU Member State, with international trade aiming for complementarity rather than competition.
What is needed is a common approach, a long-term vision as called for by the Commission, to respond to citizens' concerns on security.
What is needed is a concerted plan to defend the single currency, to fight off speculation on sovereign debts and to denounce the rating agencies, which are primarily to blame for the crisis we are undergoing.
What is needed, Madam President and Commissioner, is a tangible commitment from the Commission that it will use the data collected to put the results obtained into practice, not only encouraging research and monitoring activities, but also ensuring more effective use of antibiotics as an important tool for fighting animal diseases.
What is our and your message to the General Assembly? How can you get a single common position from the Member States without falling back on the lowest common denominator? What specific action - Mr Daul asked the same thing - will we subsequently undertake in order to realise our message?
What is particularly disheartening in this context is the fact that several countries that currently have robust finances are doing so little to deal with the weaknesses in their own banking systems.
What is preventing us from acknowledging the truth, calling it by its name and extricating the Copts from their awkward position as hostages to a fundamentalist political project?
What is scandalous, however, is the fact that the negotiations in the WTO are still dragging on, and that alone makes it clear that this form of trade facilitation is not suitable to be used as an emergency aid measure.
What is self-determination worth when it is based on dictatorial actions or where it serves to justify the unspeakable? Self-determination, and even an absolute majority, do not entitle any government to deny universal values.
What is territorial cooperation? What purpose does it serve? What are the issues at stake? How prominent should it be within regional policy? These are the questions we need to answer.
What is the Commission's assessment of the current state of progress towards visa liberalisation for Kosovo (visa facilitation scheme), and what is the timetable for action on this urgent matter?
What is the current situation? Only one in four businesses trade across borders and those who trade limit their operations to only a few Member States.
What is the risk of the assets on the balance sheets, and can you trust the risk weights applied to those assets? If US banks have risk weights 50% higher than European counterparts, are Europe's banks being allowed to fundamentally misrepresent the risks on their balance sheets?
What is the situation when it comes to the judicial reform and anti-corruption measures that are still needed? Those citizens of Romania and Bulgaria who travel to Schengen countries with good intentions will, in any case - and I am convinced of this - understand that the inconvenience of border controls is outweighed by the necessity of protecting all other Europeans against organised crime and mass illegal immigration.
What is the use of productive reactors if they buckle under water masses and in the event of earthquakes? What is the use of the most productive nuclear power station if a minor fault is enough to make not only the immediate surroundings, but broad swathes of land, uninhabitable for decades? It is important for us to focus more on nuclear safety and to push ahead with the development of alternatives.
What is the use of productive reactors if they buckle under water masses or in the event of earthquakes? What is the use of the most productive nuclear power station if a minor fault is enough to make not only the immediate surroundings, but the whole region uninhabitable for decades? It is therefore important for us to focus more strongly on nuclear safety and to push ahead with the development of alternatives.
What is very important is that our negotiations also cover to the maximum extent possible India's central level public sector undertakings where the bulk of procurement is done.
What is worse, it never calls into question the Commission's policy of outsourcing to these agencies, which appears to be aimed less at effectively implementing the European Union's policies than at providing every major city in the Union with its own small share of European institutions.
What is worse, it promotes bringing the Eurovignette under the carbon emission trading scheme. I am voting in favour of this text to encourage further work to be done and to lend my approval to the Eurovignette concept, whilst regretting these two serious shortcomings.
What is your opinion on this? Are you prepared to bring together the existing units within your service that are working on these questions to make one department which could be called the operational headquarters?
What is yours today? Have you had time to think about it over the last two years?
What it does is expand the application of sanctions and the payment of fines for any Member State not complying with the requirements imposed on it, placing them in a genuinely submissive position with regard to the European institutions, just so as to serve the interests of large companies and financial institutions...
What it fails to do is to outline the policies needed to heal the hurts of that nation.
What matters is that those who have completed a vocational education or training course should bring their newly acquired abilities and skills to the working environment.
What may seem a fairly innocuous debate about figures measured in decimal places will, in fact, dictate the direction of the European Union for the next ten years.
What message do you have to send to these people who are seeking, in a dignified and peaceful manner, prospects and a better future for themselves, their families and their children?
What message does the Council and Commission have for them? Or for the millions whose jobs are in jeopardy or who are living in poverty? What message for the hundreds of millions of people who are suffering as a result of cutbacks in public provision, in healthcare, in education? What message for them? What message from the Council this week? Well, I expect nothing quite frankly, nothing.
What needs to happen now? Certainly, we have lost some time. I believe that we do now have to ask the Commission to bring forward a new proposal in respect of novel foods quickly - we know that that may be possible, as something approaching an agreement was reached. A proposal also needs to be brought forward about how we are going to deal with cloned food, meat from cloned animals and their offspring, and so on.
What place does Europe want to give to culture? What influence do we want for our works and our creation? The digital revolution, linked to globalisation and growing trade, compels us to rethink our cultural and economic model.
What position will the European Union take, through its Member States the United Kingdom and France, in the United Nations Security Council in September in respect of the unilateral efforts of the Palestinian Authority to proclaim a Palestinian state, separately, it should be noted, from the peace process with Israel?
What prevents me from voting for this report is the fact that it is the poor relation of a form of coordination whose beginning and end are still deficit and debt.
What relation will it bear to the regulation on genetically modified organisms (GMOs), since cloning is an aspect of genetic engineering and, as with GMOs, it involves actual genetic manipulation? How will the movement of these foods between European countries be regulated? How will the scientific tests needed to test the safety of these novel foods be carried out? What will the criteria be for defining these products and, most of all, how will consumers be informed of the characteristics and nutritional properties of the novel foods they purchase?
What she is saying that Mr Barroso stated was not hypocrisy.
What steps does the Commissioner intend to take to prevent an exodus of young people from Europe?
What steps will the EU take to ensure the referendum will be held fairly, with both sides being heard and equal amounts of money being spent? I suspect that a free and fair referendum in not on the cards.
What that means is that we all want to see a stable and strong economy across the EU as a whole and, within it, of the euro area in particular.
What the Council conclusions gave us a mandate to do is to work towards the establishment of European civil protection capacity that is predictable and ready for immediate deployment, based on our Member States dedicating modules that we can mobilise and transport to where they are needed immediately, as the disaster hits.
What the European Union is saying to them is: 'Yes' to equal treatment for all Member States, 'Yes' to identical rules and 'Yes' to the same consideration for the results achieved. I am confident that the Council can heed positive efforts.
What these legislative documents propose is to perpetuate these intervention measures, which subjugate peoples and countries and transform them into veritable protectorates or colonies.
What these people have railed against is the EU obsession of creating a European federal state, ignoring the will of the people and democracy.
What they want in Iraq is our and your personal presence, they want political cooperation, and they want economic cooperation.
What this Parliament wants - and this is what distinguishes it from the Council - is to put an end to this joyous camaraderie between governments, and replace a biased referee with an impartial one.
What took place was a killing, and I personally would have preferred it if the United States had apprehended him and taken him to court.
What underlies these reasons? Objective fears or prejudice, situational prudence or disappointment? I hope that the interior and justice ministers will be at least just as frank with each other as we have been during the process of drafting the Coelho report.
What urgent lessons does the Commission intend to learn from this serious crisis, Commissioner, so that our food alert system is more than ever based on 'sound and well-sustained scientific evidence', as you yourself described it, Commissioner?
What was it exactly that made this Hungarian Lukashenko, Ferenc Gyurcsány, famous? The same things, and, to a certain extent, even more pronounced, that this report here is listing in relation to Lukashenko and Belarus to which you are raising an objection, setting the bar considerably higher for Lukashenko and Belarus, a country outside of the European Union, than the one you were using for Hungary and Ferenc Gyurcsány, including the fact that the Hungarian Lukashenko forcefully broke up every significant anti-government protest. I myself have now received compensation and an apology from the police for having shot me, a European Parliament candidate, point blank in the face with tear gas.
What we actually managed to achieve is a small and weak compromise.
What we are dealing with is human dignity - this is a principle found in the German constitution, as well as others - and the Hungarian constitution is no different in this regard. I cannot see a contradiction here.
What we are discussing today is a report by the Secretary-General's panel of experts on accountability in Sri Lanka. I have not heard anyone in the Chamber as yet cast doubts on the intrinsic integrity of that report.
What we are doing is not enough to make up for the faults that the European economy has at the moment, and I think that the caricature of blaming everything on the mistakes of the lazy, the lying and the wrong - compared with the virtuous who have no problems - is an extremely dangerous caricature that we must all avoid.
What we are proposing is balanced support for a range of agricultural practices.
What we are saying is that a proper inquiry is very unlikely if the investigating commission comes from the government.
What we ask now is for you, Commissioner, to give this House, as soon as possible, a definitive answer as to whether the Hungarian constitution is in line with European legislation and fundamental rights.
What we discovered was that venture capital was much more available than in Europe, and that those who provided it were much more risk-taking in their approach.
What we have before us is a process of intervention that calls for the application of the same type of monetarist and neoliberal policies and criteria that led to the current crisis, particularly affecting the most vulnerable economies.
What we have got is again a journey on sanctions.
What we instead need is a debate on measures to enhance Frontex so as to provide maximum security at the external borders of the European Union - thereby ensuring freedom of movement - and a debate on speedy asylum proceedings and managed migration, on cooperation to deal with the causes of migration and on readmission agreements.
What we need are automatic initiatives and sanctions which the Council can only stop by means of reversed qualified majority voting.
What we need is a budget for the coming years that reflects the ambitions of the EU, including those of the Heads of State or Government, while, at the same time, meeting the expectations of our citizens.
What we need is cohesion, determination and unity, because what we are playing is a psychological war and what the market is testing is Europe's unity, not the Greek austerity plan.
What we need most of all is joint and more effective solutions for protecting the EU's external borders and uniform standards for all Member States as far as immigration policy is concerned.
What we need to do is continue that level of ambition for where we want to get to. That applies in everything we do, whether it is the sanctions we impose - where we need the 27 because we need unanimity - or whether it is in the approach that we take on support for the countries of Egypt and Tunisia.
What we need to see here is the detail of this order; we need to implement it effectively and make it work well alongside the Arrest Warrant.
What we urgently need is a clear resolution mechanism for the financial sector so that it can work again.
What we want is very concrete: conflict prevention and civilian crisis management, Lady Ashton.
What we will be asking through this agreement is that, if and when India decides to introduce a system of data exclusivity, it will be applied in a non-discriminatory manner so that European producers will also benefit from it and, of course, we continue to believe that access to medicine and the protection of test data can coexist constructively.
What will be the outcome of these tests for nuclear power stations which do not pass them or which do not participate in them? There can be no doubt that we need to set high standards for nuclear power stations in order to ensure that they can gain greater public acceptance than to date, since they are unquestionably an important source of energy for Europe.
What will happen at the end? I would like to make it quite clear that I am relying on the power of facts.
What would European culture be without creative artists? While developing the creative industries economically, we must not forget those who work in this sector.
What you have presented us with, Mr Oettinger, is basically a strategy which will help to play down the risks involved in the European nuclear power programme as it currently stands.
What, then, are Europe's priorities? Relations with our eastern and southern neighbours? Combating terrorism? A solution to the conflict in the Middle East? Trade policy? Tackling all of the above at the same time is no easy task.
What, though, is the situation now, four years after that date? Four Member States have complied with the agreement, but the others have not.
Whatever decision we take now, reversibility and retrievability are therefore required. I would welcome a clear position from the Commission on this matter.
Whatever people in this Chamber, or anyone else in the European Union, think about our common foreign and security policy, this is the most outstanding objective endorsement of the ambition that you and we have for the Lisbon Treaty, a foreign policy that has real trust and respect from our foreign partners.
Whatever your views on the EU, whether you are sceptical about further integration or you want more Europe, we should be focusing on making the EU and the Internal Market work better, but also tackling cross-border fraud.
When 14 million farmers are feeding 500 million people, is it too much to ask that European agricultural policy be used to ensure that the 500 million people also provide properly for the 14 million farmers, so to speak?
When Galileo is in place, the Union will enjoy total independence as well as superiority in this area, and it is plain to see the importance of the applications.
When I have the answers to these questions, I will be able to support the continuing existence of these agencies.
When I look at the Commission's report on the 2010 budget, we see there are surplus appropriations, a surplus of EUR 194 billion, which we have not been able to spend yet.
When I read in the newspapers - as has been mentioned already by many Members - that cuts are to be made in the second pillar, I reject it vehemently.
When I say that I am considering new guidelines on this issue, it is precisely in order to address one of the causes of the crisis - this crazy risk-taking - and to make those involved in the banking sector more prudent and responsible again.
When Parliament adopts the report prepared by Mr Coelho and the Council adopts the conclusions drafted by the Presidency, only the very last step - adopting the decision of the Council which, as we all know, requires unanimity - will be left.
When allocating frequency bands, the various different interests must be weighed against each other in a responsible manner.
When any member of the public contacts me in my constituency, I simply say to them to write back to the company and tell it to send all future correspondence to me. They never hear another thing.
When conducting foreign and security policy, the EU must ensure consistency and coherence between the different areas of its external action and between external and internal policies. I would like to stress that a credible external security policy requires closer cooperation between the Member States, mutual trust and solidarity.
When considering any move towards a greater focus on urban areas and cities, the creation of a potential new infrastructure fund, and the possible creation of a performance reserve, we need to ensure that all those things do not put at risk or damage the poorer regions in the EU.
When considering the most recent escalations, this should not be forgotten.
When dealing with nuclear energy, safety and the transparency of procedures are two important issues which need to be constantly attended to. The answer is not necessarily to shut down plants, as Germany is planning to do, but rather to ensure that we are following the strictest safety programmes when it comes to dealing with this form of energy and the waste it produces.
When determining the EU financial perspective 2014-2020, it is necessary to ensure adequate financing for areas that stimulate economic growth and successful development; in other words, to focus on research and fostering innovations, combating unemployment, poverty and exclusion, adequate preparedness for demographic changes, responsible use of natural resources, internal and external security, regional and agricultural policy, and the development of energy and transport infrastructure. I abstained from voting on this document because we need to fundamentally review the common agricultural policy, which must guarantee a fair and uniform system of direct payments, and many other important areas, without which we will be unable to create a competitive and strong Europe.
When determining the framework of the next budget, the first question to ask is whether we want more or less Europe.
When discussing the protection of forests as an economic and environmental resource, I cannot forget, being Portuguese, that combating forest fires - something from which my country has greatly suffered - must be an absolute priority for any European policy in this area.
When drafting the report, our Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats received support from most of the other groups, because the EU must become an independent security actor and it is necessary to review the concept and structure of the Battlegroups in the EU's mixed civilian and military missions.
When drawing up this report, I worked with many stakeholders, especially representatives of young people, both from Member States and the rest of Europe, for example, with the European Youth Forum.
When economic crises prevent us from legitimising politics with the positive results we offer the public, we must contribute to this legitimisation with our scrupulous respect for the political values that we advocate: austerity, honesty, closeness to the public, and transparency.
When endeavouring to secure future support for vocational education and training, we should therefore, at the same time, attach the greatest importance to monitoring the effectiveness of training and to an approach focused on achieving the goal of increasing employment levels and social integration.
When experiencing an economic and social crisis, one of the most significant challenges we face is finding a new Multiannual Financial Framework in which the Union budget for economic and social cohesion is significantly increased, whilst obligatory national contributions are reduced to, at most, 10% of the project on the table, particularly for the countries with the greatest financial difficulties; a framework in which there is a commitment to investment, to public services, to support for production, to the creation of jobs with rights, and to the eradication of poverty, social inequalities and all types of discrimination, particularly on the basis of gender.
When fully operational, Galileo will be a rival to American GPS, and will operate on a wider and more accurate system of satellites and ground stations across the world.
When have we ever taken practical and specific action as a consequence of coming across situations of intolerable exploitation? When have such situations ever prevented the signing of trade agreements with a country? Never.
When it comes into effect, it will exacerbate the national situation, worsening the economic recession, unemployment, poverty, social inequality and national dependence.
When it comes to Schengen, it has been the ECR view that this is generally a matter for Schengen area members to decide, including Switzerland, of course, which is in Schengen, but not in the European Union.
When it comes to agriculture, we must not focus exclusively on technological solutions or on discussions about technological solutions.
When it comes to combating terrorism, we cannot conceive of a Member State revealing strategic plans for combating terrorism in advance.
When it comes to direct democracy, the European Union could learn much from Switzerland, which stands up for democratic decisions even when the rest of the politically correct mainstream world criticises it to the hilt.
When it comes to food, we need transparency and clear traceability with regard to manufacture.
When it comes to implementing the common market, we should not make do with removing the positive barriers between the Member States of the Union.
When it comes to lifelong learning, our existing Comenius, Erasmus, Leonardo and Grundtvig programmes have given many people wonderful opportunities to discover Europe in its diversity, gain experience for themselves and improve their language skills.
When it comes to resolving anachronisms, I am all for it. That is the case here.
When it comes to the error rate, however, I would also ask you to always take into consideration that regional policy has, if you like, a kind of snowplough function in this connection, that, in relation to certain statutorily developed elements, we check how they are implemented in day-to-day practice, how effective they are and what problems result.
When it comes to the programmes meeting their targets, I must remind you of the fifth cohesion report and the budget review, in which it was made clear that the performance of the programmes must be given more attention.
When it comes to the votes, socialists and democrats will send out a clear signal against this austerity package, which can only heighten the indignation that is rising throughout Europe.
When it has been adopted by the Council and Parliament, the review of the Fourth Accounting Directive will enable Member States to exempt very small enterprises from certain accounting obligations.
When it is created, it will become the number one international financial institution in the world - the most important in the world in terms of financial strength. I think that is where we should now concentrate our efforts.
When it is implemented, this veritable submission programme will, as demonstrated by the situation in other countries, exacerbate the conditions that supposedly motivated this intervention: in other words, the difficulties in tackling the unbearable and growing costs of the public debt.
When it was tabled for debate in committee, it was further shaped by a procedure of 50 compromise amendments, from all the political groups and areas represented in Europe. I am therefore certain that this report represents Parliament's opinion as to how we can help forests, how we can help our communities to adapt to climate change.
When looking at burden sharing, all the pressures and all the contributions need to be taken into account, and this is the very spirit of the European Union: the management of crisis by solidarity and responsibility.
When my own country, Scotland, passed a Climate Change Act in 2009 it called for a 42% emissions cut by 2020.
When one group wants to circumvent the budgetary constraints by carrying over into the next year the annual budgetary surplus that is normally paid back to the Member States, it is clear that this is an attempt to pull the wool over the citizens' eyes.
When our SMEs do well, the European economy does well. I can assure you that the implementation of the 'think small first' principle and the actions proposed in the Small Business Act are a foremost priority for the Commission. I want to thank you for your support in this regard.
When properly shaped in the budget, they could create room for much better and visibly better financing of what was under-financed - i.e. innovation, the management of migration flows, the external responsibilities of the European Union that are now so visible in the Mediterranean area, energy efficiency and, above all, how to connect Europe via the trans-European networks and the other cross-border connectors in energy systems.
When such tough economic decisions are being made at home, (...) it is unacceptable for the EU to take no action to cut costs and eliminate waste. (...) The Parliament decided to ignore the letter of the British Prime Minister, (...) and the Heads of Government of France, Germany, the Netherlands and Finland, that there must be no increase in the EU Budget (...). Indeed, many of us want budget cuts and a reduction in Britain's excessive contribution. (...). The British public (...) will not accept taxes imposed by the EU and nor would the citizens of the other (...) countries, if they but realised what was going on (...). Informed economic opinion will tell you that lower taxes are the best incentive to economic growth and job creation.
When that time comes, we will again ask the Spanish Government to allow official status for Catalan in the EU. The Spanish Government should bring the Catalan language to the EU just as the Irish Government did with the Gaelic language some years ago.
When the Budgetary Control Committee interviewed Mr Wessberg on 24 May 2011, MEPs praised his past performance in both the private and public sectors.
When the Council, with Parliament, decides upon economic regulations to be complied with by the 27 Member States, it is not so that they can be waived at the first opportunity.
When the European Arrest Warrant was passed as a framework decision, the European Parliament always made it perfectly clear that, on the one hand, the conditions for applying the European Arrest Warrant are relatively strict, so that it should apply only to really serious crimes, that it should be applied in a proportionate way, and that the procedural standards in the European Union should be harmonised at the same time.
When the European Parliament voted on Wednesday 8 June on investing in the future: a new Multiannual Financial Framework (MFF) for a competitive, sustainable and inclusive Europe, I chose to vote against the report.
When the European Union adopted Regulation No 2007/2000, it granted exceptional unlimited duty-free access to the EU market for nearly all products originating in the countries and territories benefiting from the Stabilisation and Association process.
When the Greek bailout was originally agreed we were told that it would be enough to deter the speculators, that Greece would now be borrowing competitively in the market and that no more would be needed.
When the accession of Hungary and other new Member States from Central Europe to Schengen was hampered by a technical difficulty related to the development of the Schengen Information System, the SIS II, it was the then Portuguese Presidency that helped us with a generous and inventive solution.
When the bail-out was agreed a year ago, the idea was that it would be an immediate stop-gap, that it would be a short-term contingent measure, and that by now, Greece would be borrowing cheaply again as the crisis would have passed.
When the outcome of the stress test is presented to the public, with all the results, evaluations, proposals and conclusions, the citizens of Europe will know more about European nuclear power stations in all the Member States than they have done despite all the efforts made over past decades. I remember very well how people living in areas close to national borders wanted to find out about the safety features of nearby nuclear power stations.
When the question of migration and Schengen is discussed, the Heads of State or Government of the European Union must respond with the clear message that we do not want national egotism, in particular in this area.
When the regulation introducing de minimis aid was adopted in 2007, it was thought that it would not affect trade or distort competition.
When the three European supervisory authorities and the Systemic Risk Board were set up, I said that we were going to test the ground by walking on it. That is what we are doing. I believe that the EBA is doing a good job under the leadership of Mr Enria; the same applies to the other authorities, to the Systemic Risk Board and, Mr Giegold, to the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority (EIOPA). Earlier you mentioned the tests in the insurance sector; the EIOPA is currently preparing a series of tests in that sector, as the EBA did for the banks.
When there is talk of increases, then discussions must lead to a consideration of the correct use of resources.
When these issues are being discussed, Parliament is not prepared to look the other way and content itself with the kind of general reassurances that the Council provided during the negotiations.
When they become full members of the Schengen area, it is therefore crucial for Bulgaria and Romania to be properly prepared to manage increased migration flows, to be able to implement measures to combat illegal migration appropriately and effectively, and to guarantee well-functioning external border control mechanisms.
When they joined the EU, these countries were not ready to adopt the Schengen package in its entirety, and have therefore had to reform and extend their policies on border checks.
When this House first received the Commission's proposal it was clear that consumer rights in numerous countries were being threatened, not enhanced.
When two such mammoths of the commercial trade sector enter into negotiations on a free trade agreement, then this is not simply a bilateral matter.
When used in garments, for example as trimmings, such materials are currently not subject to mandatory labelling; most consumers are unaware of this and may not know the exact make-up of the textiles they buy.
When we bear in mind the importance of Japan as a trading partner - with bilateral trade with the EU standing at EUR 120 billion a year, and with the EU being the number three trading partner for Japan and the number two investor in Japan - I think we recognise that any bilateral agreement runs the risk of undermining multilateral agreements with the rest of the world and, in particular, with the developing countries.
When we discuss expenditure, we must refer to the obligations that result from the Treaty of Lisbon.
When we embark on negotiations with these countries, we should remember how strict and exacting we have been with extremely enlightened places like Canada and adopt the same direct and open attitude in defence of our interests.
When we have discussed this issue here in the past, we have been assured by the Commission that the items in question have been carefully assessed to ensure they do not clash with EU exports.
When we investigated locally, we concluded that the provisions concerning environmental impact assessments, as applicable in Austria, were complied with at the time - at least in essence.
When we joined the European Union, there were fears that Poland and the new Member States would not make proper use of the opportunities afforded to them by membership, and that European funds would be spent without due consideration.
When we look at our neighbourhood, we have to be ready to rise to challenges that are being asked of us. I can make hundreds of statements - and I do. I deplore, I condemn, I urge, I demand, but we also need to act and that action has to come in different forms.
When we review the application of the current guidelines on pay and bonuses, and see where they fall short, I will clearly ensure that, as many of you have requested, they are transposed and applied in every Member State over the coming weeks.
When we speak about visa waiver, that is a future objective, but now developments in democracy in Russia are the priority.
When we started these free trade negotiations, there was a very positive attitude from everyone involved. I therefore believe it is important for us to ensure that we finish in exactly the same spirit and that we do not allow the negotiations to drag on for far too long.
When we talk about a political Europe, a hotline to Europe, or even of Europe speaking with one voice, we often forget to specify that this can only happen if we have a European defence policy in place.
When we talk about the budget, we must also take into account the framework and the general economic context in which we are discussing the budget - this is why, for the moment, it is difficult to talk about actual figures.
When we think, for example, of nanomaterials, that appears very urgent.
When we were debating the comments on this report and amendments to it, one of the views expressed was that a directive should be drafted, since some businesses simply do not behave in a socially responsible way.
When will the issue of the very heavy social responsibility of the EU's political deciders finally be addressed here?
When you have long, complicated and important reports like this, compromise is almost inevitable, but I do welcome some of the compromises. I welcome the compromise on the duration and the structure of the next financial perspective. I also welcome the compromise on cohesion policy. I believe that cohesion policy is vital if we are to achieve jobs and growth in the EU post-2013.
When you speak about greening it means different things to different people in different countries, including how it is applied.
When you take the long run and when you read the 2020 Strategy, this is clear, as it is with the relaunch of the Single Market strategy, but this is about the unlocking of the potential of the European economy.
Where EU offensive interests, such as provincial government procurement, lie in areas of provincial competence, we have been assured that the provinces and territories of Canada will be committed to the negotiations and to the implementation of the agreement.
Where Mikhail Khodorkovsky and Platon Lebedev are concerned, I would state that these individuals must at last be freed - otherwise the state visit by the Russian President to the European Parliament will take place under a huge cloud.
Where coordination takes the form of an international agreement, participation of the European Union as a Party is necessary to the extent that the agreement covers matters falling within the Union's competence.
Where do we stand at the moment? On 3 May 2011, the Commission published the results of a feasibility study by the Expert Group on European contract law and we invited all stakeholders to comment.
Where less favoured areas are concerned, Commissioner, 12 months ago this House delivered a report on the redefinition of these, in which we were highly critical.
Where necessary, we can make recommendations in this area, if we need to be more specific later in the process.
Where the future of agricultural policy after 2013 is concerned, we have to decide the direction in which we want to go. Do we want an agricultural sector that faces up to the challenges by acting in an innovative, modern, courageous, self-aware, responsible and independent way in the market? Or do we want an agricultural sector that continues to be drip-fed by Europe and which needs its hand to be held and encouraging words from Mummy with each step it takes into the future? That is the course we are currently setting.
Where there are any differences in interpretation or implementation, the Commission should consult the Member States in question and clarify the rules.
Where there should be public interest, development, cohesion, progress and social welfare, what has ended up predominating are so-called business opportunities, the market, competitiveness, competition, and the harnessing of innovation for business purposes.
Where there was - and should be - public interest, development, cohesion, progress and social welfare, what has ended up predominating are so-called business opportunities, competition, and the harnessing of innovation for business purposes.
Where we are today is actually quite impressive because we already have 104 modules that Member States have registered with us and we have their commitment that we can mobilise and deliver assistance in a predictable manner, as long as they do not need these modules to fight the same disasters at home.
Whereas Member States see Europe in terms of their financial contribution, which they want to see reduced, and the financial returns, which they want to see increased, this report argues in favour of strong and integrated Community policies, be they long-established policies or new competences under the Treaty of Lisbon.
Whereas a commercial agreement is currently under negotiation between the European Union and Canada, the European Parliament, through this resolution that we have just adopted, is expressing concern about the European Commission's approach in relation to public services.
Whether that violation is made by a law, by a constitution, or by a regulation, is irrelevant: wherever there is a violation of fundamental rights, it is not permitted under the Treaties.
Whether they combine it or not with schooling is not always very clear, but I think the majority of them do so. It may also be the case that the number of children working in manufacturing goods that will be exported to Europe is rather limited so I think, as Mr Newton Dunn rightly pointed out, we should clearly distinguish between the two.
Whether we look at the current difficulties and ambitions of the EU and its regions from a regional or a global perspective, the most pressing issues remain the energy shortage, the slowdown in economic growth and unemployment.
Which brings me to my final point: it has been made quite plain in these discussions and during the committee's work that there are different interests at stake here, depending on how many bilateral agreements one's own country has concluded.
Which courts do you, as the Commission, not have any trust in whatsoever? Is it the Canadian courts or those in the European Union? Do you not see that, with this part of the agreement, you would be discriminating against the local undertakings?
Whichever way one looks at it, the package we have voted on is one which increases the powers of the EU at the expense of the Member States.
While Greece shares its burden of responsibility in its crisis, our European leaders share theirs as well.
While I agree with the 'polluter pays' principle, levying additional motorway toll charges on international road traffic, particularly without the obligation to use the revenues for investment in infrastructure improvements, is somewhat questionable at a time of economic crisis.
While I am in favour of addressing air and noise pollution and of encouraging people to use cleaner vehicles, if this directive were to be extended and tolls for noise and air pollution were to be included, Irish hauliers taking Irish exports to Europe would suffer greatly as a consequence.
While I am in favour of more coordination, efficiency and the linking up of policies to avoid regulatory gaps, I believe that the EU must not lose its diverse set of voices in international institutions.
While I am not sure that we need a legislative initiative prohibiting building on land cleared by fires, I am in favour of discussing robust, long-term solutions to help curb this terrible phenomenon of forest fires caused by arsonists wanting to clear land for building.
While I consider that we could have gone further by introducing a specific article regulating the indication of origin of textile products, I voted in favour of the proposal for a regulation.
While I recognise the need to move forward and not to assign blame, there is no getting away from the facts, and when it came to conducting negotiations in which Parliament had already abandoned a great deal, well, that was too much.
While I share the opinion about the necessity of bringing Ukraine closer to the Union, I also think that this must involve the adoption by Ukraine of European standards in the field of the rule of law and transparency in public life.
While I support the efforts and the commitment of the rapporteur, I should also stress that the EU is still far from having a coherent long-term strategy in this area.
While I think that priority should be given firstly to data already available (that is, collected at regional, national and European level), I believe that if the need arises for additional modules, which does not entail unnecessary bureaucracy or additional costs, in this case, Eurostat should be allowed to gather data from Member States with a view to setting up environmental economic accounts at European level.
While I welcome the Commissioner's statement, I confirm that I am against any attempt to implement protectionist measures in a sector in which Europe actually hindered access to low cost medicines in the past.
While I would have liked a more ambitious outcome, the Garriga Polledo report on the financial perspective from 2014 is a step forward, the result of a broad political compromise within the Special committee, created for the first time in Parliament, before the Commission presents its proposal.
While Russian-EU relations have steadily improved in recent years, the parties involved continue to maintain a certain reserve and distance. I believe that, if appropriate action is not taken to remedy this situation, the EU's influence could slowly wane in both Russia and its neighbouring countries, with the risk that the Union would see its role restricted solely to that of a trading partner.
While a large majority of the European population live in towns and while these towns are facing new challenges, the urban agenda within cohesion policy remained relatively unknown, disorderly and therefore inadequate.
While academics will argue over the best possible way to measure progress, we as European legislatures must be confident in the method we pick and ensure that it stands up to argument both today and in the future.
While acknowledging that the final text adopted today in Strasbourg is less negative than the text that was previously agreed in parliamentary committee, the imposition of this charge will still become a reality and will mean an increase in existing costs for the outlying countries of the EU.
While acknowledging the due responsibility shown by the Commission in the allocations planned for 2012, in my capacity as rapporteur on the budget for the Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality, I regret the minimal increase in programmes such as PROGRESS, which is responsible for implementing important initiatives for young people, for the fight against poverty and for gender equality, and the Daphne Programme, which is responsible for policies for combating violence against women.
While basically welcoming the project, I believe that it would be worth fully re-evaluating this aspect, weighing it up again and only then adopting it.
While believing that good value can be obtained when 27 Member States pool their resources, I could not vote for a 5% increase in the EU budget beyond 2013 when we have not thoroughly examined existing expenditure with a view to eliminating waste and duplication.
While containing both favourable and unfavourable elements, the report provides a good, solid basis for a reform package.
While it is important to authorise existing investment agreements, it is also important to foresee the possibility of taking action in a cooperative manner to address important issues that could arise with regard to the content of the agreements and their interaction with EU investment policy.
While it is not a good idea to subsidise the fossil-fuel industry, fishermen across the EU are suffering due to the economic downturn and, unlike other modes of transport, they do not have any real alternative to fossil fuels.
While it is not possible to restrict creativity, it is possible to negatively influence people's willingness to create.
While it is vital to give due attention to the link between ECEC services and equality of opportunities for women, these targets are clearly problematic, and outmoded, since they fail to take into account many of the crucial qualitative aspects of a strong early education policy. ECEC centres are not simply a place to 'park' children so that women can work; they are of utmost importance in contributing to the well-being of children and improving their future life chances
While it starts from the premise that there is a crisis in the euro area and a need for a comprehensive and integrated solution to the debt crisis in the euro area, given the lack of success of the fragmented approach used until now, the report ends up calling for the same type of monetarist and neoliberal policies and criteria that led to the crisis.
While it starts from the premise that there is a crisis in the euro area and even acknowledges the need for a comprehensive and integrated solution to the debt crisis in the euro area, given the lack of success of the fragmented approach used until now, it ends up calling for the same type of monetarist and neoliberal policies and criteria, so tightening the veritable stranglehold imposed on the Member States, without a care for the causes of the problems, or for alternative policies that take into account economies' different levels of development.
While it upholds the original structure of Objective 3, the report proposes an increase in funds and draws attention to the specific needs of border populations. A strategic approach and a response aimed at the needs and idiosyncrasies of every region can be guaranteed by allocating funds on the basis of harmonised criteria for every territorial cooperation programme.
While mentioning that the radio spectrum is 'a key public resource for essential sectors and services', the report points the way towards the 'possibility to trade spectrum rights' and invites the Commission to adopt measures 'to ensure that Member States allow trading within the Union of spectrum usage rights'. We still do not know about these proposals, and thus far, we have not voted in favour of this report.
While most domestic workers are precarious workers, who are often discriminated against and sometimes exploited, the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs has decided to press for the adoption of a resolution while questioning the European Commission about its actions in relation to this category of workers.
While people will argue with some elements of it, it has to be stated that a constitution can always be amended by way of referendum and, if we find at European Union level that some aspects of it are not in keeping with European law and values, that can be done and taken on board.
While recent events have provided a spark of urgency in bringing this matter to the table, the Commission is taking this opportunity, through the communication, to address the long-standing underlying inconsistencies and unresolved issues that have provided scope for some Member States to act unilaterally and not necessarily with a European Union perspective.
While reforms and austerity measures are necessary, we should also remember that this is not enough in the long term to recover.
While relying on existing financial, civilian and military resources, Europe can take even more decisive actions in the event of natural and man-made disasters and be even more involved in averting and managing crises and conflicts, and in establishing a lasting peace in third countries.
While research - into both fusion and fission - is a good thing (albeit diversified), I deeply regret the increase in appropriations (EUR 700 000 for 2012) as well as the anticipated financial tinkering, which would lead to part of the European research budget being emptied simply to finance ITER.
While respect must be shown for the reversibility principle, concepts and technical solutions for final disposal should be envisaged in order to enable potential access to and recovery of waste for technical reasons or if progress in research allows the emergence of new technological solutions such as transmutation. I agree with the proposal's aim of ensuring that adequate financial resources are set aside to meet the requirements of nuclear plant decommissioning, and that the waste is managed in a transparent manner.
While road haulage companies will now have to pay the cost of air and noise pollution generated by lorries, Member States will, in return, be obliged to reinvest the revenues obtained from these charges in pan-European transport networks and, especially, in more effective and less polluting transport systems.
While supporting the annual report from the Council to the European Parliament on the main aspects and basic choices of the common foreign and security policy (CFSP), which is one of the European Union's key policies, I wish to express my endorsement of the policy which the European Union is conducting at a global level.
While taking into account the diversity of systems and traditions in terms of education and childcare in the EU, the report emphasises an approach centred on the needs of the child and on the impact that learning from a very young age will have on the child's schooling and personal development.
While that is also the dominant vision in the Commission communication, it is not our vision.
While the Greek economy now needs a weak currency to get out of the depression, the troika is going to impose a new, even more drastic, fiscal austerity package.
While the adoption of the directive is an important result, its transposition into national law is in fact the key stage in ensuring that the legislation is properly implemented by the Member States and that no obstacles or barriers to the single market are created.
While the capitals of culture action is not available, the EU can offer other types of support for Sarajevo, in 2014 and beyond, through our cultural programme.
While the cost of the project has increased exponentially since it was launched in 2006, from EUR 6 to 16 billion, I think it must now continue with the available resources.
While the first legislative initiative made these agencies subject to regulation and supervision and the second clarified the supervisory powers of the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA), this resolution advocates decreasing regulatory dependence on external ratings, structuring the industry in a competition framework and improving its business models in line with the criteria of the Financial Stability Forum.
While the impact of this particular proposal on EU air quality is small, the issue of principle is important.
While the importance of CRAs cannot be denied, it would be advisable to limit their role in the future. I therefore voted for the proposal tabled by Parliament to call on the Commission to carry out an impact study, and an analysis of the costs, benefits and governance structure of a European Credit Rating Foundation competent in the various areas of ratings: the public sector, companies and finance instruments.
While the intention of the rapporteur and her political group was to make it stand out from the other five, the fact is that it is very revealing of the contradictions that exist in this European Union.
While the unlawful regulations of the Anti-Fascist Council of the People's Liberation of Yugoslavia (AVNOJ) and Beneš do not constitute grounds for blocking EU accession, the Serbian restitution policy certainly has to comply with EU stipulations.
While there is much to admire in this report, let us be honest with ourselves and with our voters.
While these Members bring Europe down to the common denominator of their contributions, which they would like to see fall, and of its financial returns, which they would like to see increase, this report argues for strong, integrated community policies, both in terms of long-standing policies and in terms of the new competences entrusted under the Treaty of Lisbon.
While they contain nearly 70% of the population and produce four-fifths of the Union's GDP, urban areas need to become highly competitive zones with a dense economic fabric, poles of attraction for technological excellence, and they must be directly connected to their regional support base.
While this is a significant revision, it only represents a small step in the right direction, because the regulations are non-binding. I therefore still look forward to seeing new proposals which would make these new measures compulsory, which would include in them the cost of all the environmental damage caused and which would extend the 'polluter pays' principle to all forms of transport.
While this method allows certain public services to be excluded on a case-by-case basis and at the request of each Member State by establishing a 'negative' list, it nevertheless runs the risk of potential omissions.
While this report does make some criticisms of how these agencies operate, the truth is that it never gets to the bottom of the issue, or proposes public control of the financial sector, so as not to threaten the interests of large companies and financial institutions.
While this report makes some criticisms of how these agencies operate, the truth is that it never gets to the bottom of the issue, or proposes public control of the financial sector, so as not to threaten the interests of large companies and financial institutions.
While we are dealing with the matters raised in the report, this, too, should be opposed.
While we are talking about policy in the area of defence - what kind of a defence policy is it in which Europe does not have an army? Sixty European aircraft are operating over Libya - 60 deaf and blind aircraft.
While we can agree that in certain areas, such as monetary policy, the EU can represent the prevalent position in the appropriate multilateral organisations, it is difficult to accept the idea that the European External Action Service might take on the role of representing a common position of the Member States on the world stage when very often, the countries of Europe have such different interests that it is impossible to achieve a common position.
While we have managed to agree on the way forward with Parliament's delegations, the implementation of the solution found still requires some time.
While we need to act in order to encourage the take-up of higher education by the greatest number and actively fight against early school leaving - only 31% of Europeans have a university degree, compared to 40% in the United States and 50% in Japan - we also need to make sure graduates are employable.
While we still face considerable turbulence in some segments of the sovereign debt markets of certain countries, we have been able to contain the sovereign debt crisis and protect the ongoing economic recovery in Europe.
While we understand these concerns, we believe that there are good reasons to keep these processes separated from the CETA negotiations.
While welcoming the Commission communication on Innovation Union as a flagship initiative of the EU 2020 strategy for growth and jobs, I think there are still priority areas where we need a greater commitment to building capacities in science, technology and innovation: efficient resource use, recovery and recycling of waste, food quality and safety, and new epidemics.
While welcoming the ILO initiative, what we ourselves can do is to call on the Member States of the European Union to do all they possibly can in their own labour law regulations in order to expose this black hole and regulate it accordingly.
While welcoming the resolution's call for the introduction of a coordination mechanism that has even greater impact, I therefore also urge you to change the rules on transferring fund money, making them as flexible as possible.
While you in the Commission paid heed to irresponsible statements issued by regional authorities in Germany - statements that were totally misinformed and quite irresponsible - mentioning Spanish farms by their names and addresses, the population remained exposed, without knowing it, to the bacterium.
While youth unemployment is currently 21% in the European Union, and close to 25% in my country, this has become a major challenge for Europe at a time when young Europeans deprived of employment are threatened with social exclusion and poverty.
Whilst I acknowledge that it could be improved, particularly by detailing events by country, describing the necessary means for achieving EU foreign policy objectives and by making a more qualitative assessment of this policy, which includes strategic and organisational recommendations for the future, I welcome the drafting of this report and hope that the EU continues to develop an effective multilateralism that is one of the hallmarks of the geostrategic concerns of the EU.
Whilst I recognise the need for public debate on foreign and defence policy towards setting out Parliament's future policies on this matter, I welcome the drafting of this report and hope that the EU continues to develop an effective multilateralism, which is one of the hallmarks of its geostrategic concerns.
Whilst both Romania and Bulgaria are currently ready to open their borders, although the Bulgaria-Greece border is very sensitive, Bulgaria needs to take additional measures and a tripartite approach common to Bulgaria, Greece and Turkey needs to be adopted.
Whilst clearing away the ruins left by your Hungarian Socialist colleagues, we are mobilising tremendous energies to make Hungary a democratic, European, and free country based on the constitutional mandate we received from the Hungarian citizens in free elections.
Whilst most of these are serious violent, sexual or dishonesty offences, the list also includes the nebulous thought-crime offences beloved in so many continental countries, so that the arrested person could be sent for trial, or rather automatic conviction, to one of those wretched places.
Whilst the Commission has clearly stated that the directive on misleading and comparative advertising outlaws the misleading practices of these directory companies, it must also look at the transposing of that directive by the Member States in order to clarify whether citizens are protected equally across Europe.
Whilst the intention to simplify contract law and expand cross-border trade is commendable, I nonetheless have doubts about the relevance of this approach: indeed there is a high risk that national rules, which provide maximum protection for consumers, will be bypassed.
Whilst the proposed charges will apply to all vehicles, the burden on the British industry could be fatal.
Whilst the purpose behind this initiative is commendable, it is worth questioning how useful it will be in practice and to ask ourselves whether this economic aid will actually reach the Pakistani people, especially small-scale producers and farmers who have been particularly affected by the floods.
Whilst there is now nothing to prevent us from enlarging the Schengen area, it is worth noting the recommendations that have been made to these two countries. I hope these recommendations will be strictly monitored, especially as regards the borders between Bulgaria, Greece and Turkey, because as you know, mutual trust between the Schengen States relies on countries adhering fully to their reciprocal obligations.
Whilst this is not, in my opinion, a deeply significant issue in my own Member State - as we do not intend to join the euro and resulting fines do not apply to us - it is an extremely difficult and contentious issue in many countries, including those who intend to join.
Whilst today's vote could have gone much further, I welcome colleagues' decision to reject the dumping of nuclear waste in third countries.
Who are our preferential partners? The United States, emerging countries, or others? How can we achieve the best results? By leaving individual Member States free to define their own policy, as we have for the last 60 years, or by speaking with one strong voice?
Who is in charge? Too many authorities are involved, and somebody needs to take the lead.
Who is talking about solidarity with the countries of Africa who are currently having to accommodate hundreds of thousands of refugees and will continue to do so - without great debate? Is anyone talking about solidarity with the people who are fleeing war and coming here to Europe? We need to show these people a bit of respect.
Who sets the objectives and strategy of the agencies? May we see them? More generally, there seems to be considerable overlap between reports on employment matters produced on these agencies by the Commission and by the Policy Department of the European Parliament.
Who will pay? The changes that we expect include an increase in funding for sustainable and smart development, and an emphasis on innovation, scientific research and education.
Whoever votes tomorrow in favour of this report will be responsible for having voted for the opening of a motorway bringing organised crime straight to the heart of Europe.
Why did you abolish it then? Why did you not keep it there so that everybody could see a Green Ombudsman who is in favour of the rights of future generations, environment and sustainability? You have not explained that, colleagues.
Why do my compatriots still need to listen to Moscow's story that there really was no occupation of the Baltic countries, that the Baltic countries were not occupied as a result of the Hitler (Molotov-Ribbentrop) pact, and that it was the socialist choice of the Baltic countries in the summer of 1940? Why do I, and why do my compatriots, still need to listen to the story of 'liberation' from these deportees, who were the most educated, and the best people in the Baltic States? Therefore, I call on the European Commission to provide all possible support to proper research into the Communist regime's crimes, which has been called for by the Ministers of Justice of several Member States, including all the Baltic States, and finish this uncompleted task of evaluating the crimes of all totalitarian regimes.
Why do we have so many programmes already? Bring these together wherever possible and actually start to simplify things, for once.
Why do we need these data? We need them in order to adopt a science-based approach: only on the basis of this type of data can scientists properly assess the true risk of AMR attributed to the use of antimicrobials in animals.
Why does the Commission think there are such disparities between Member States? Can the Commission comment on the views expressed by some food producers that the registration process is long and bureaucratic and therefore discourages applicants? How can the registration process be made more user-friendly?
Why have we not yet come to a conclusion, and why is this argument being used now, when about a year has already elapsed since the flooding took place? It is simply because we have just introduced this request for a waiver with the WTO, but within the WTO we face serious problems with the neighbours of Pakistan. I do not think I have to name them.
Why is it so important to adopt this package at the current juncture? Because we must be able to show our citizens, economic actors and the international partners that the European Union really can in future prevent a fiscal crisis such as the one we have recently experienced, in the case of Greece for instance.
Why is it that we still do not have a risk analysis for Sarcophagus I? Why is it that we are unable to understand the problem that exists there? How can it be that a project of this magnitude is being managed without a transparent risk analysis? I also wonder how it is that we still have no explanation for why it has not been possible to remove and store the spent fuel rods from Chernobyl Reactors II and III, which were shut down correctly? I regard that as a huge problem.
Why is it, therefore, that we are still talking about the reversed qualified majority? I want to make a simple point.
Why is no one interested in ensuring that foodstuffs are as natural as possible? Why do we not pay more attention to our own health and welfare and that of our productive livestock? I cannot understand why so little responsibility is shown for the health of children and adults in certain European circles.
Why is that? It is because investing in energy efficiency and consuming less energy, for example, will have a negative effect on the gross domestic product.
Why is that? It is because we have found that if we do not have an adequate automatic decision-making system in the Council, the necessary decisions do not get taken.
Why is the Commission not coming up with a concrete proposal on this? We are talking about a European area of freedom of movement; we are talking about a common European asylum system.
Why is there nothing more explicit here on burden-sharing? The communication mentions the pilot project for the resettlement of refugees in Malta, but it does not introduce the notion of a pilot project concerning relocation of unauthorised migrants or asylum seekers - and this despite the repeated calls for such a burden-sharing system from various Member States and Members of Parliament.
Why is this happening? Does the text of the directive leave too much leeway? Is it a matter of incorrect implementation in the Member States or inadequate information? We need to clarify these points, the Member States need to make improvements where necessary, and the Commission must take action to prevent such misuse.
Why is this very important to us? It is important because the first person to have adopted a position after the summit meeting between Mr Sarkozy and Mr Berlusconi was the President of the Commission, Mr Barroso, whereas the Commissioners subsequently expressed a different view.
Why not introduce straight away a reduced VAT for all cultural products, whether they use a physical medium or are online? Disparities in taxation produce distortions that, without exception, run counter to the competitiveness of European companies.
Why not use part of the privatisation programme not for fiscal consolidation but to create new investment and growth in Greece.
Why such an incredible time lapse? I think that this needs to be looked at.
Why try and hide the full level of banks' exposure to sovereign debt, especially when we all know the likely reality?
Why, after a quarter of a century, does the United States remain the superpower that we know it to be? Because, besides its military arsenal, it succeeds in exporting its culture and its ideas and in making them attractive.
Why, then, should he be trusted this time? That is why the EU and the international community must intervene in the situation, and this illegal government headed by Rajoelina should be brought to an end.
Why, therefore, has this opportunity not been taken? The Commissioner spoke of taking one step at a time, but sometimes we may have to make a little leap forward in order to strengthen our position, particularly in turbulent times. I also think it is important to point out that the IMF is in need of extensive reform, something that Mrs Berès also makes clear in her report.
Why, yet again, given the failure of the first round of bank bail-outs, are taxpayers being expected to come forward and rescue some very wealthy individuals from the consequences of their own error?
Why? Because we have the good fortune, or the challenge, of living at the dawn of a change of civilisation.
Why? Because, by doing so, they provide useful assistance to local farmers and we do not end up feeding the people yet, at the same time, killing the livelihoods of the local farmers by providing our own food.
Why? Simply because it was constructed as a political and not as an economic project, and therefore the criteria were ignored; figures were changed to bring in countries that were not yet ready.
Why? The survival of fishermen is essential for traders, otherwise traders will not be able to offer plaice in their range in the future.
Will Europe do something about it? Why not also consider a single price for digital books across Europe? French politician, Edouard Herriot, once said: 'Culture is what we are left with when we have forgotten everything'. Nevertheless, culture can be quickly forgotten if we do not protect it, if we do not maintain it, if we are not interested in it.
Will our Parliament be fully involved in assessing compliance with the conditions that have been established, or will this be a discretionary power of the Council's?
Will the Commission consider a 'sunset mechanism' that sets a closing date on the allocation of structural fund appropriations to individual recipient regions? Does the Commission agree that such a mechanism would help create a more results-oriented cohesion policy?
Will they please do so now? In my opinion, the evidence shows that it is most certainly happening in the case of Julian Assange.
Will you agree with this in the forthcoming regulations? What kinds of proposals will this be covered by?
Willingness to take risks is a prerequisite for successful innovation, but this does not mean a risky investment for Member States now.
Wireless Internet services, and the mobile sector in particular, desperately need new spectrum, because in recent years, there has been a dramatic growth in the sale and use of equipment using a wireless network for smart phones and other such devices.
With 42% of our European expenditure going on the CAP, it is vital that we provide complete accountability to our citizens.
With a 2009 decision of Parliament and the Council, we also established the possibility that up to 4% of the resources from the European Regional Development Fund could be used for measures to improve the energy efficiency of residential buildings.
With a budget of EUR 500 million for 2011, the Commission believes EUR 9 593 391 should be made available for Belgium, so that it can address the redundancies at General Motors Belgium and its four suppliers and producers in the Antwerp region respectively. I believe the EGF should finance active measures towards reintegration into the labour market, enabling new skills to be learnt and these to be adapted to the new work situation that the 2 834 workers will have to face. I also believe that the European institutions should expedite the mobilisation of the EGF for Belgium, as the Member State is guaranteeing the integration into active life of the workers made redundant as a result of globalisation. I would also stress that the EGF should not be a substitute for the legal and financial responsibilities of General Motors Belgium, but rather an additional support granted by the EU in order to reduce the social difficulties that these workers will face.
With a budget of EUR 54 billion for the period 2007-2013, the Seventh Framework Programme for research and development is the world's largest programme of support for research.
With a degree from Sapienza University of Rome and a PhD in economics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Mr Draghi is the Governor of the Bank of Italy, a member of the Governing Council and General Council of the ECB, a member of the Board of Directors of the Bank for International Settlements, Governor for Italy on the Boards of Governors of the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and the Asian Development Bank, and Chairman of the Financial Stability Forum.
With a view to allowing European vessels to continue fishing in the Seychelles' fishing zone in the Indian Ocean, the EU has negotiated the extension of the Protocol to the Fisheries Partnership Agreement. I have thus voted in favour of the Council's recommendations for the conclusion of the new partnership agreement with Seychelles.
With a view to benefitting fully from the potential offered by cohesion policy, as the rapporteur has illustrated clearly, it is necessary to commit in a more determined manner to reducing the gap between the highly-developed EU regions and those that are less developed.
With a view to overcoming the economic and financial crisis, public procurement appears to be a catalyst for the revitalisation of the European economy, and of enterprise, employment and consumer welfare in Europe.
With a view to supporting the reintegration into the labour market of workers made redundant as a result of the global financial and economic crisis, which has affected in particular the enterprise General Motors Belgium, the Commission has adopted a new proposal for a decision on the mobilisation of the EGF in favour of Belgium.
With a view to tackling drug trafficking effectively, which not only poses a threat to Croatia but to the European Union as well, it is important that Croatia is also linked to the European Information Network on Drugs and Drug Addiction (REITOX) and actively and directly involved in exchanging data with the EMCDDA.
With a vote of 37 to 0 to 0, we are of the opinion that the Commission clearly needs more money in this area for an ESS, for this system of European sustainability statistics.
With all due respect, I must inform Mr Szájer that no shadow of discrimination by reason of origin or birth exists in the Spanish constitution.
With almost 14 million jobs involved, and with sustained growth even during the crisis, it remains essential to show unfailing support for these industries, so great is their economic and cultural contribution.
With an unstable euro, Member States cannot be expected to begin to increase their GDP-proportionate contribution to the EU budget despite the crisis and recession just because we are hoping for an increase in the GDP.
With due regard for the opinions of the legal services of Parliament, the Council and the Commission, which have concluded that the Commission proposal was confined to a straightforward codification of the existing texts, without any change in their substance, I welcome the adoption of this proposal.
With due regard for the opinions of the legal services of Parliament, the Council and the Commission, which have concluded that the Commission proposal was confined to straightforward codification of the existing texts, without any change in their substance, I welcome the adoption of this proposal at the first reading.
With each enlargement of the Schengen area, we are expanding the area of ​​freedom, security and justice and I am confident that, as in the past, time will show possibilities for economic and other development.
With enormous courage and dignity he has adopted the austerity measures, whether they are feasible or unfeasible.
With food security being a key factor in globalisation nowadays, we need to maintain our capacity for being self-sufficient.
With increasing consumption rates, the depletion of fossil fuels is becoming inevitable and we should therefore increase investment in further research and in the development of sustainable transportation.
With my amendment, I request that the European Commission ensures every proposal is accompanied by an impact assessment.
With my vote in favour, I am therefore joining in the appeal that this House is making to the EU representatives at the summit to work at this event to create a profitable and useful dialogue for both parties, leading to shared and effective solutions aimed at resolving the most important issues on the European and global political agenda.
With my vote today, I supported the recommendation for the participation of the Republic of Croatia in the work of the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction.
With my vote, I wanted to call on the Commission and the Council to respond to the European Parliament's demand for specific measures to enable us to enjoy the full benefit from the growth potential of this sector.
With negotiations at a stage said to be fairly advanced and their conclusion envisaged for 2011, its impact on sectors and countries has yet to be fully debated.
With oil prices rising and increasing environmental damage, we know the EU must now drive forward to a more sustainable society by becoming more energy efficient, by using more renewable energy, by investing in public transport and ensuring our children live in a clean and healthy environment.
With our joint actions, together with the Council, we will increase the reputation and pressure so much that we will see in the next two years how this is to work and it will give us additional experience to have a high-quality review and we will see how we can improve the working of the system further.
With our plans for economic governance, we are now calling for the Stability and Growth Pact to be strengthened, both in terms of preventive and corrective measures, for a majority in favour of the implementation of sanctions and for the Commission to have the right to intervene, when necessary, so that the citizens of Europe can rely on the rules being followed.
With proposals to increasingly narrow cohesion policy and focus upon results-based deliverance, I feel the level of corrections will increase.
With reference to fuel prices, in order to address this situation, the Commission encourages the Member States to use fully the possibilities offered by the European Fisheries Fund.
With regard to Parliament's response to the situation in Sudan following the 2011 referendum, which decided in favour of the independence of South Sudan from 9 July, I consider the motion for a resolution tabled by the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) to be the most suitable, as I believe it represents a better approach to the political situation we are facing, as well as to relations with other African countries.
With regard to additional spectrum for broadband and the second digital dividend, I think everybody is aware that sooner or later - and most of the Members of Parliament will probably think sooner - we will have to tackle that point, too.
With regard to agriculture, Parliament has focused on the sensitive areas, highlighted the sanitary and phytosanitary standards (SPS) and expressed its support for effective safeguard clauses.
With regard to deadlines and what has been and is at stake, it is clear, to me at least, that 2013 is not too early.
With regard to deregulating services, because it was mentioned here, I would like to ask you, Commissioner, what the link will be between this agreement and the agreement on civil aviation safety and the air transport agreement between the European Union and Canada.
With regard to financial consolidation, it is clear that dealing with the past while planning for the future is extremely difficult. I propose the creation of a kind of credit mediator, which could house Greece's bad debt in a suitable financial, or hive-off, structure.
With regard to interpretation and translation, I believe it essential and crucial that members be able to express themselves and work in their native language.
With regard to mode 4, the problems linked to the recognition of professional qualifications need to be resolved, which is, nevertheless, a fairly difficult issue, given that we have problems with mutual recognition of professional qualifications even between European Union Member States. I would like to ask the Commission to tell us what stage the discussions have reached on this subject.
With regard to surveillance missions, I have serious reservations concerning the proposal for such missions, since they will be composed mainly of European Commission officials and will have significant powers entrusted to them, without the members of these missions having any political mandate.
With regard to the EU's aspiration to be a global player, it is therefore essential to strengthen internal coordination in order to speak with one voice.
With regard to the European Commission, we call, in particular, for the members of the Impact Assessment Board that was set up a while ago in the Commission to be independent and for the parliamentary committees to be involved in the work at an early stage.
With regard to the Libyan crisis, we do not confine ourselves to expressing our disappointment either at the European Union's inability to define its position and take joint action or at the restrictions placed on the EUFOR Libya mandate.
With regard to the Staff Regulations, it is time to look at them once again, and my colleague Maroš Šefčovič is working on a revision of the Staff Regulations.
With regard to the above, and in view of the fact that impact assessments can in no way be a substitute for political debate and the legislator's democratically legitimated decision-making process, but merely permit the technical, substantive preparation of a political decision, I voted in favour of the motion.
With regard to the conclusion of the Protocol between the European Union and the Principality of Andorra extending to customs security measures the Agreement, which has until now been in the form of an Exchange of Letters between the European Economic Community and the Principality of Andorra and which was concluded on 28 June 1990.
With regard to the continuing economic crisis and the increasing financial burden on transport operators, I also firmly believe that Member States should be given the option to spread out the introduction of charges for external costs over time, and according to individual types.
With regard to the debt issue, work is under way as part of the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries Initiative.
With regard to the former, we have shown in the overview that we presented and in the ensuing debate that regional and local authorities and civil society are insufficiently involved in the design, implementation and development of regional planning, that is to say in the use of cohesion policy tools.
With regard to the general requirements for impact assessments at European level, it is important to note that we need to move away from pure cost analysis towards an examination of the economic, social and health-related impact of legislation at European level.
With regard to the grounds for optional non-execution, I also ask whether it may not be appropriate to restrict them in the case of offences typically attributable to organised crime, including the offence of association with a mafia organisation, for which double criminality should not apply anyway.
With regard to the latter, the EU has just made additional funds totalling EUR 200 million available for South Sudan, making our envelope today roughly EUR 300 million.
With regard to the macroeconomic element, I would firstly like to emphasise that, thanks to the work that we have done in Parliament, we have a proposal that we have agreed on with the Council and one that is sufficiently transparent and also contains a solution that is sufficiently automatic. I believe that this solution means that we will also be able to feel secure in future with regard to the euro area and to the possibility of remedying the sorts of economic problems in an individual country that could otherwise result in the whole of the euro area being put at risk. I think it is good that, in our report, we establish a system for dealing with countries that fail to fulfil their commitments, in other words a requirement for the problems to be remedied directly.
With regard to the method for developing a system of own resources for the EU, which is gradually being replaced by Member State contributions and is consequently perceived as an excessive burden on the public finances of Member States, the reform of this system is more necessary than at any time in the past.
With regard to the need to improve this data and the indicators, the Commission has released a communication entitled 'GDP and beyond: Measuring progress in a changing world'. In this communication, it proposes, for example, creating comprehensive indicators which would provide a more reliable knowledge base. I believe it is necessary to create an instrument that can supplement GDP, taking account of the fact that it must have a practical application, use clearly defined indicators and rely on high-quality data.
With regard to the negotiations with India, Canada and also Korea, we as Parliament have repeatedly been critical of the fact that, in our view, the wrong priorities were set to some extent in the negotiations, and therefore it would be very helpful if you would involve Parliament very closely in this matter right from the issuing of the mandate.
With regard to the new agreements that the Member States are continuing and are entitled to enter into, we could undoubtedly have agreed on a policy in which there is a reasonable balance between the rights of investors and other rights.
With regard to the objections raised by some MEPs, I want to point out that they relate to topics which have no direct link with the Schengen acquis, which means that they cannot be used as reasons for blocking Romania's access to this area. I understand the concerns of certain fellow Members about making the EU's external borders secure, especially as some states can be regarded as favourite destinations for the flows of emigrants.
With regard to the other questions, such as the two-thirds majority, I must ask to what extent this is compatible with parliamentary democracy if future governments no longer have any room to manoeuvre.
With regard to the post-2013 regional policy, I endorse the idea of setting up intermediate regions, thereby enabling regions with a GDP between 75% and 90% of the EU average to receive real support, however, through finding suitable solutions.
With regard to the reform of the wine market, I am in favour of retaining planting rights.
With regard to the use of delegated acts, the Commission refers to President Barroso's letter of 7 March 2011, indicating that a new architecture will reflect the new institutional context.
With regard to this framework programme, if we do not aim for excellence, we will lose the competitive edge that we need to have in the future.
With regard to this proposed additional macro-financial assistance, the observations we made about the decision to grant the previous macro-financial assistance to this country remain valid and relevant.
With regret, I must also say that there is no comprehensive and all-inclusive approach shared by all Member States.
With reports of this standard, as long as its contents are followed up over the coming years, the quality of EU administration can only increase, invalidating the grounds for complaints from critics of the European Union.
With respect to this, however, I myself would like to ask the Commission this: does creating a new structure always solve the problem itself, or could we in this case respond to similar challenges by developing the existing 'phasing in, phasing out' system?
With small businesses specifically in mind, as these are understood to be agents of development within the territory, cohesion measures have been promoted with a view to supporting regional labour markets by reducing gender segregation and inequalities, to facilitating interinstitutional dialogue, and to improving infrastructure and services for disadvantaged microregions with high concentrations of socially marginalised groups.
With streamlined and much more automatic application of the interruption of payments procedure, I think we will see, in the discharge for 2010, that the incidence of interruption of payments is growing and services are no longer afraid to apply this instrument in their work.
With that in mind, could I just say that the one problem with this agreement is that it is one institution short.
With the 2010 strategic report, Parliament has the first occasion for analysis and evaluation of the outputs and results of cohesion policy implementation.
With the EU Framework of National Roma Integration Strategies, we will tackle the plight of the Roma people for the first time at European level and turn it into an opportunity for all of us.
With the Internet and digital media, what do we want Europe to be moving towards? Politics is the art of anticipating, preparing what we would like so that we do not have to put up with what we do not want.
With the Late Payments Directive, we have reached a real, concrete goal, but as a result of political will and not Europropaganda.
With the World Day Against Child Labour on 12 June approaching, I voted in favour of this important and timely report which invites stakeholders of the Free Trade Agreement to commit, in line with the ILO's Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, to the elimination of all kinds of forced labour and the ending of child labour.
With the adoption of the Garriga report on the political and budgetary challenges facing the European Union after 2013, Parliament is anticipating, much too timidly in my view, the debate to come on the future financial prospects of the Union.
With the adoption of this report, Croatia will start participating in the EMCDDA's work programme and sharing data with the EMCDDA, subject to the data protection requirements of the Union and national law.
With the adoption of today's resolution, the European Parliament has once again called for protection for small and medium-sized enterprises.
With the draft directive on the charging of heavy goods vehicles for the use of certain infrastructure (the Eurovignette Directive), Member States will now be able to implement charges on air and noise pollution from road transport.
With the enlargement of the Schengen area to Bulgaria and Romania, we will prove that the idea of integration is alive and well, that Europe is heading forward, and that the countries which are knocking at its door have a clear future in the EU, including those of the Western Balkans.
With the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon, Parliament has come to play a more prominent role in this area, making its approval necessary for the conclusion of these international agreements. I am therefore voting for this report, which seeks to set out some general principles and a consistent set of standards.
With the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon, pursuant to Articles 206 and 207 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU), foreign direct investment becomes the exclusive competence of the European Union.
With the future Multiannual Financial Framework, if we listen to the European Parliament, cohesion policy will be able to move into a new phase thanks to the creation of intermediate regions.
With the loss of 12 million low-skilled jobs in Europe by 2020, and the need for longer working lives to preserve our social model in the face of the demographic challenge, it is also crucial, at the same time, to step up the efforts for improving lifelong training of workers in the course of their career.
With the objective of overcoming the financial and economic crisis, and of protecting against any future crisis, public procurement is of crucial relevance, serving as a catalyst for the revitalisation of the EU economy and, accordingly, for employment and welfare in the EU. Therefore, a sound and properly thought-out process of optimising the legal framework for public procurement is of vital importance for the welfare of EU citizens, EU consumers and businesses, and for national, regional and local authorities.
With the outcome of the negotiations and the progress made in recent months in trialogue, I hope that we can expect the Commission's recommendations to be published more quickly, and count on genuine economic dialogue. I hope that the possibility of reviewing the recommendations on the basis of the economic downturns can also contribute to its success, provided that it does not threaten fiscal sustainability.
With the presentation of this proposal, the Commission has delivered its first item on the 'Beyond GDP' road map.
With the publication of the Action Plan on Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) Applications and the development and deployment of EGNOS (European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service), the European Union has sought to point out civilian uses and ensure that European industry at all levels has an opportunity to compete in this fast-growing strategic market.
With the severe impact from the economic and financial crisis and from the repercussions of the Arab Spring with its far-reaching implications in terms of the requirements for controlling the flows of emigrants and access to oil resources, the EU is looking increasingly divided and likely to abandon one of its most valuable achievements - free movement in the Schengen area.
With the slogan 'Chemistry - Our life, Our future', it is about making society more aware of chemistry's contribution to our well-being.
With the unprecedented growth in smuggling activity and the informal economy, with the prevalence of corruption and the inability to cope with organised crime, there is no good reason for us to get angry at the fact that our membership is being blocked by additional obstacles.
With the vote on discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the European Maritime Safety Agency (EMSA) for 2009, Parliament has been able to confirm the good governance of that Agency and the use of its appropriations for their intended purpose. I welcome this vote, as it reaffirms Parliament's commitment to the Agency, which plays a crucial role in monitoring and supervising Europe's seas.
With these amendments, I intended to strengthen the capacity of the supervisory authorities, promote a level playing field globally, increase competition by avoiding rating shopping and establish standard procedures for disseminating information.
With this 'whereas, according to the Consultative Working Party of the legal services of the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission, the proposal in question contains a straightforward codification of the existing texts without any change in their substance, the EP adopts its position at first reading, taking over the Commission proposal as adapted to the recommendations of the Consultative Working Party of the legal services of the European Parliament, the Council and the Commission'.
With this charge, we really should be limiting external costs as far as possible and preferably reining them back to zero.
With this debate and the vote which will follow, we will conclude a task and a period of negotiations in the working group chaired by Mrs Wallis and composed of fellow Members from all political groups, as well as a Commission delegation led by Mr Šefčovič, which has resulted in the drafting of an agreement for the establishment of a common Transparency Register.
With this directive, European consumers will gain new rights enshrined at European level and transcending national borders.
With this in mind, I am pleased that, in Paris two days ago, there was agreement on the need for all countries using nuclear installations to implement safety audits in order to assess their capacity to withstand incidents which, up till now, have been considered 'unlikely'.
With this in mind, I support the content and structure of Mr Stavrakakis's report, which I endorse.
With this in mind, a recommendation has been made to extend this system's scope of application to facilities outside the industrial sector.
With this in mind, we must set up a legislative framework capable of supporting the development of these industries and of instilling confidence in consumers and those operating in the digital market, as this sector may facilitate the creation of new jobs, thereby capitalising on the European Union's cultural diversity and its innovative potential.
With this question and the resolution that will follow, I call on the Member States to help fishing professionals, where necessary, to continue their work without distorting competition.
With this regulation, we have established an important basis for statistical information about the interplay between the economy and the environment, which we hope to expand with further modules in the future as included in the report and the draft resolution.
With this report, we are adding another element to the European strategy on youth policy.
With this resolution, MEPs are sending a strong political signal to Russia: whilst greater economic, energetic, strategic and international cooperation between the EU and Russia is desirable, it should nonetheless be conditional upon efforts towards protecting human rights and civil liberties.
With this resolution, Parliament: (1) calls on the Council to award the title 'European Capital of Culture' exceptionally to Sarajevo in 2014; and (2) asserts its belief that this would be an important step towards transcending past European divisions and showcasing the new Europe by awarding the title 'European Capital of Culture' to a city which was the site of such tragic events in the course of the 20th century.
With this resolution, the European Parliament appeals to the EU and Russia to step up negotiations on a partnership and cooperation agreement and calls for Russia to implement all previous signed agreements and to solve the problem of non-citizens in Russia. I think that, firstly, Europe has to solve the problem of non-citizens in the Latvian Republic and only then make recommendations on this issue.
With this resolution, the European Parliament intends to express its support for the initiative of the International Labour Organisation (ILO) to adopt a convention supplemented by a recommendation on decent work for domestic workers.
With this resolution, the European Parliament reaffirms its prerogatives: key player and holder of the function of management and budgetary control of European civilian and military missions.
With this resolution, the majority in Parliament wants to call for the liberalisation of public procurement on the pretext of relaxing and simplifying the rules and defending small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). Although there could be justification for this in some cases, in the majority of cases, it is not this that is at stake.
With this text, the European Parliament confirms its support for this programme, which is of vital importance for developing European research and improving the competitiveness of our businesses.
With this type of methodology, will we not lose a golden opportunity to finally create a European, rather than national framework to solve the problem of regulation?
With this vote, therefore, we are asking the Commission to urgently come forward with legislative proposals to redress this injustice and to give power back to our citizens, the victims of crime.
With this, the EP firstly welcomes the Commission's proposal to open negotiations on the renewal of the protocol between the EU and the Islamic Republic of Mauritania, while underlining that it should be maintained only if it is mutually beneficial, adjusted appropriately and implemented correctly; secondly, welcomes the Commission's proposal to introduce a human rights clause; thirdly, insists that any and all access negotiated for EU-flagged vessels to fish in Mauritanian waters must be based on the principle of surplus stocks as described in the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea; emphasises, in particular, that there must be a rigorous assessment of all stocks for which access is sought or which are likely to be caught by the EU fleet as by-catch; stresses that any access granted to the EU must relate to those resources which are unable to be caught by the Mauritanian fleet; emphasises that, should effort reductions be necessary, those third-country (EU and other) fleets causing the most environmental damage must be the first to make reductions;
With this, the EP: (1) welcomes and supports the ILO initiative to adopt a convention supplemented by a recommendation for decent work for domestic workers; calls on those EU Member States which are members of the ILO to adopt these instruments at the ILO conference in June 2011; calls on the EU Member States to ratify and implement the convention and recommendation quickly; (2) considers that the adoption, ratification and implementation of an ILO convention on decent work for domestic workers can have an impact by reducing the numbers of working poor; (3) considers that the adoption, ratification and implementation of such a convention would address the needs of one of the most vulnerable categories of workers;
With this, the EP: 1. Welcomes the efforts made by the Commission and its agencies as regards joint data collection activities in this field, in particular, the initiative in 2009 to create ESVAC (European Surveillance of Veterinary Antimicrobial Consumption); regrets that not all Member States have yet joined the ESVAC network and calls on more countries to do so; calls on the Commission to provide the ESVAC network with sufficient financial resources to perform its tasks; calls on the Commission to without delay provide an adequate legal framework in order to give Member States the authority to perform an efficient data collection; 2. Calls on the Commission to strive for a data collection which is harmonised and comparable, also with activities undertaken in third countries such as the United States.
With this, we have taken a great step forward towards making the safety standards of the European Union uniform and I think that we should look for other ways to go even further; where and how can we take another major step in order to enhance EU powers in this area? In that respect, I expect the European Commission to come up with a proposal.
With today's resolution the European Parliament grants budgetary discharge 2009 to the Executive Director of the Community Fisheries Control Agency.
With today's resolution the European Parliament has postponed the decision granting budgetary discharge to the Director of the European Police College.
With today's resolution, Parliament grants the Commission discharge for the execution of the budget of the Eighth, Ninth and Tenth European Development Funds (EDFs) for the financial year 2009. I stress that Parliament notes that the EDF is not integrated in the EU budget, despite being the main instrument for providing Union development aid to the populations of the African, Caribbean and Pacific (ACP) countries as well as the Overseas Countries and Territories (OCT).
With today's resolution, Parliament postpones the decision to grant discharge to the Executive Director of the European Medicines Agency for the execution of the Agency's budget for the financial year 2009.
With today's vote I have supported the request for budgetary discharge for 2009 for the European Centre for the Development of Vocational Training.
With today's vote Parliament has decided to postpone the closure of the accounts of the European Medicines Agency for the financial year 2009.
With today's vote we have approved the draft Council decision on the conclusion of the protocol setting out the fishing opportunities and the financial contribution provided for by the Fisheries Partnership Agreement between the European Community and the Republic of Seychelles.
With today's vote, discharge is granted for the implementation of the budget of the European Court of Justice for the financial year 2009. I voted in favour because controls carried out by the Court of Auditors and the Committee on Budgetary Control showed that all transactions were carried out in a wholly legal and regular manner.
With today's vote, the financial control procedure is concluded with the granting of discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget for 2009 of the Translation Centre for the Bodies of the European Union, the accounts of which are legal and regular.
With your agreement, I shall interrupt the blue-card procedure because there are another three requests.
Within the EU, there are a variety of types of provision for early years and in my report, we have said that we want to respect and maintain that.
Within the European Union, and since the 1990s, the growth of the CCIs has been exponential in terms of job creation and its contribution to gross domestic product (GDP). Coordinating and leveraging synergies in this growing sector may be crucial to the EU's economic development.
Within the United Nations, and particularly within the International Monetary Fund, the EU needs to promote its interests.
Within the context of the reform of the Stability and Growth Pact and in the light of the various innovations introduced and of the greater collaboration between European institutions, national parliaments and governments, the Ford report on requirements for budgetary frameworks is vital since it sets minimum requirements for public accounting systems, central and local public finance statistics and multiannual planning.
Within the framework of cooperation with international financial institutions, the EU must find a solution to the problem of external economic and financial representation, which limits the EU's influence.
Within the framework of the G20, and perhaps going further in some areas than the G20 had requested, we are today patiently recreating the governance, regulatory, transparency, I was going to say quite simply 'moral' - if I can use that word - or ethical frameworks and tools that have been singularly lacking in the financial market set-up for around 15 years.
Within the framework of this global plan, particular attention is given to technical and vocational education, which is allocated the role of serving the needs of the cheapest possible, disenfranchised workforce worthy of the 'labour market' and 'competitiveness'. That is why education and training courses must meet both current and future market needs.
Within the framework of trade relations between the two partners, important offensive and defensive agricultural interests, among other things, are at risk.
Within the framework of voting on 'Investing in the future: a new Multiannual Financial Framework for a competitive, sustainable and inclusive Europe', I voted in favour of creating an intermediate category of regions with a per capita GNP between 75% and 90% of the Union's GNP.
Within the light of the responses to this consultation, the Commission issued an action plan in 2003, proposing, inter alia, the elaboration of a common frame of reference and containing definitions, common principles and model rules, with a view to improving the quality and coherence of European contract law.
Within this framework, I welcome the rapporteur's proposal for a special plan to be prepared as soon as Bulgaria joins the Schengen area, containing actions in this direction and a joint approach between Greece, Turkey and Bulgaria, so that it is in a position to cope with what may be a large increase in immigration flows.
Within this framework, Mrs Wallis's report is a move in the right direction: it refers to the adverse impact which differences in contract law within the Internal Market are having both on consumers and on businesses, and to the benefits to the Internal Market of an improved contract law framework. I consider that, in order to achieve this, we need to create a user-friendly, flexible, clear legislative act which, where feasible, is binding on the Member States and which will facilitate and provide security of law to contracting parties, without interfering in national laws and without affecting the financially weaker.
Within this one year, from last May until today, we have created effective stability mechanisms which were at first temporary and which will then become permanent as of 2013.
Without Galileo, we will not have SESAR, and without SESAR, we will not achieve Single European Sky 2. Let us remember that in this area in particular, we are dealing with a system of interconnected vessels - a weakness in one part will have a disastrous effect on the rest.
Without a certain level of language acquisition, further learning is scarcely possible, as the language deficits can only be overcome with great difficulty with increasing age.
Without a coordinated initiative that brings together the sectors of vocational training, professional qualifications, lifelong learning and apprenticeship to the labour market, I do not see how we can manage to ensure that we will achieve the goals of the EU 2020 strategy entitled 'An Agenda for new skills and jobs'.
Without a credible military capacity, the common European security and defence policy will remain on paper and in the words of those who do not have the necessary tools to effectively implement it.
Without a strict fiscal policy and major efforts on their own part, this will not work.
Without adequate resources, none of these problems will be properly dealt with, beginning with the introduction of the intermediate category in cohesion policy, which only makes sense if it does not harm the other categories already in place.
Without an international agreement, unilaterally raising the emissions reduction target could threaten the competitiveness of our industry as well as growth and jobs in the European Union.
Without any involvement on the part of the Commission, WENRA applied its expertise and, following a circulation procedure, came up with a resolution that human error and human causes should not be included. I do not think this is adequate.
Without doubt, fiscal prudence implies a shake-up in the consumer climate. I do not see anything happening in that direction.
Without equal opportunities, which improve the opportunities of all children and all young Europeans, without social cohesion, which provides education, without the ability to compete, which contributes to the spread of knowledge among all citizens, the European Union will be weak.
Without forgetting what happened, I hope that this event will enable Europeans to have other, more agreeable memories of Sarajevo, and that it will contribute, above all, to bringing together the various ethnic groups of the country itself. I hope that the programme of Sarajevo Capital of Culture will celebrate life, and the human capacity for survival and rebuilding, and that it will prove to all of us the extent to which the human spirit can cultivate and transmit the good and the beautiful, even after experiencing the most profound suffering.
Without hiding for one moment the enormous extent to which the centre left and its longstanding ties with neoliberalism are responsible for this process, it is also inseparable from the conflict between those who have been accepting the need to restructure debts within the euro area and those who are pushing to rush blindly on ahead towards new means of institutionalised and openly colonial intervention.
Without one single common currency, and in view of the volatility of markets, particularly in the failing eurozone economies, the UK faces the possibility of being tangled in a mire of harmonised credit ratings which would have to encompass all economic circumstances across the Union and could expose UK business and industry to hazardous ventures supported by EU-wide credit ratings.
Without questioning the need for the Member States' existing bilateral treaties to remain in force, I agree with the rapporteur's position in the sense of ensuring a high degree of legal certainty during the transition period, and also with the three reasons for withdrawing authorisation for a bilateral treaty: 'conflicts with the law of the Union', 'overlap, in part or in full, with an agreement in force with that third country and this specific overlap is not addressed in the latter agreement' and treaties that might 'constitute an obstacle to the development and the implementation of the Union's policies relating to investment'.
Without respect for these principles, it is impossible to see how Azerbaijan can have a common future with its European partners.
Without such a measure, rogue traders and other debtors can evade their responsibilities by simply moving their assets to another jurisdiction, thereby denying the creditor effective enforcement of the judgment in the Single Market.
Without such a timeline, the regulation would allow parallel, potentially incompatible investment schemes to emerge.
Without that, all the rest of it is just talk.
Without trying to underestimate the environmental issue, this does not seem to me to be the time to burden European companies with another charge.
Women are bought along with cows; 80% of women are illiterate; children's rights have yet to be introduced and political pluralism does not exist: there is no culture of political pluralism, as we saw during the elections and the referendum.
Work has begun even before the environmental impact assessment is completed and, as yet, there has been no explanation of the criteria for choosing the construction site of either nuclear power plant, possible alternative sites have not been analysed and general evacuation plans have not been drawn up. There are plans for both nuclear power plants to have experimental reactors, the safety of which is impossible to evaluate, as they have not yet been in operation anywhere.
Work is a part of our everyday lives and is critical for the dignity, welfare and development of a person.
Work is under way in the Council and Parliament and some progress has been already achieved, despite the technical difficulty and the politically sensitive nature of this subject.
Work on the revision of EU rules on veterinary medicinal products and medicated feeding stuffs is ongoing.
Workable democracy depends on the active participation of the opposition and of civil society in the political debate.
Working in the ACP-EU Joint Parliamentary Assembly, I have repeatedly experienced cultural differences and their consequences.
Working through nearly 1 300 amendments has been a laborious process, but in the long term we have achieved our aim of reaching a major common compromise with clearly defined objectives.
Worse still, in order to escape 'blackmail' by Member States, which are naturally reluctant to increase their already very high contributions, Parliament once more raises the issue of own resources for the EU, or, in short, a European tax. 'Do as I say and not as I do' could be the new European motto.
Worse, nearly 25% of young people under 15 have reading difficulties.
Would it have been acceptable, at the very heart of the European Union, for citizens to have been deprived again of the right to vote for candidates whom they wished to support? Fortunately, Spain has chosen to stop travelling down this very dangerous road for European democracy.
Would it not be fair for the UK to receive a more proportionate share? In particular, the weight of cod landed in Britain has fallen from 300 000 tonnes, before joining what was then the EEC, to just 7 000 tonnes today.
Would that help Greece or Europe? I doubt it. Even such a severe haircut as 50% would not reduce the debt ratio below 100% of GDP, assuming that the international creditors, like the euro area Member States or the IMF, were excluded from this haircut.
Would the Commission accept that the damage done to Europe's credibility by the fudging of the first banking stress tests - and I say this with great regret - is almost irreparable? European Union citizens are looking on in distress at what has happened in relation to banking.
Would the Commission consider the introduction of fresh incentives, such as an annual climate innovation award?
Would the Commission therefore consider it advisable to entrust a specialist body operating across the board with the task of simplifying matters, establishing common objectives and selection criteria and providing information for stakeholders regarding EU programmes for innovation in green technology?
Would you first of all accept that this is not just a German debate and that there are other elements to this discussion? Because it has seemed to be rather an internal German discussion and there are different views about this.
Written Declaration No 14 of 2011 submitted by Konstantinos Poupakis, Richard Howitt, Ádám Kósa, Eva Lichtenberger and Cecilia Wikström on a voluntary system of labelling in Braille format on the packaging of industrial products has been signed by more than the majority of Parliament's component Members and, in accordance with Rule 123 of the Rules of Procedure, it will be forwarded to its addressees and published in texts adopted by the current sitting and the names of the signatories will be in the minutes.
Written explanations of vote
Years ago, I was having dinner with the late President Gerald Ford in the United States and he was describing to me how the G7 came about.
Yes there is violence, there are difficulties, but the situation is different.
Yes, Mr Langen and ladies and gentlemen, we are indeed in favour of sound public finances, but what is key for us is how we can all move forward, how we can crawl out of this morass.
Yes, Mrs Wortmann-Kool, that is the crux of the debate as far as we are concerned! Let us reduce the deficits, yes, for example by going back on the tax gifts that have benefited the State's creditors above all, but let us do it without sacrificing investment, training and jobs, because today's investments are tomorrow's jobs and the tax income that will follow, and this will allow us to reduce our deficits.
Yes, indeed! The Council conclusions of last December talked about various Commission proposals during 2011. I cannot claim to be a specialist in this area but they have not hit the headlines and I wondered whether any have been made.
Yes, it is essential to prevent the death sentence being imposed on Mr Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri and on many others, but we could have condemned more strongly the position of the United States in this regard, while regretting, at the very least, the change in attitude on the part of President Obama, particularly with regard to military tribunals.
Yes, it is right to combat pollution and try to ease traffic congestion, but introducing another tax increase is definitely not the best solution in my view.
Yes, there is corruption in Bulgaria and Romania, but there is corruption in every Member State, and the Commission proposed only yesterday a report on how we want to enforce the struggle against corruption.
Yes, this will be a country with one of the highest infant mortality rates and lowest educational indicators in the world, necessitating fast-track accession to the Cotonou Agreement, with access to the European Development Fund and fair debt alleviation.
Yes, we are drawing the conclusions from Fukushima.
Yes, we have plenty of room for improvement and we have to discuss this thoroughly.
Yes, we have to take care of the environment - I am a member of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety and we know that - but we are in real danger here of creating a report with a rhetoric moving into things like 'greening Pillar One'; we are talking about moving away from the real focus, which is efficiency.
Yes, we must hold ourselves to the highest standards and open these dark pages of recent EU history.
Yes, we must make sure that we have the resources to combat counterfeiting - at the borders of the Union, for example, but also in the very heart of the Single Market.
Yesterday I saw a document that said that the French Senate has proposed that Parliament should only meet in one place, Strasbourg.
Yesterday it was Mr Geithner, the US Minister of Finance, who was saying 'maybe they can stop and talk with each other; let them create an economic and political union'. If they know on the other side of the Atlantic what we have to do, why do we not have the courage to take this enormous step forward to an economic and political union? That is the key question for the tomorrow's Council.
Yesterday, Commissioner Olli Rehn announced a number of important steps in the Commission.
Yesterday, I had the great pleasure of meeting with representatives of the American embassy from my country, who had come especially to Strasbourg and even spoke German with me, to discuss issues relating to food policy.
Yesterday, Thursday, 12 May, the European Parliament voted through the resolution on the proposed ILO convention supplemented by a recommendation on domestic workers.
Yesterday, like today, there is only one true intention: to obtain trade concessions that benefit, above all, the big European importers.
Yesterday, we voted in favour of the principle of independence in the impact assessment system.
Yet I see that Mr Becsey is with us, who has served his time in this Chamber, and who I think will be able to convince the Council that Parliament is the only democratically and directly elected body in respect of which the Council has a reporting obligation.
Yet a country such as Sweden has been accepting more than 25 000 people a year for years on end.
Yet apparently, even that is too much.
Yet here you have an extraordinary political space opening up in front of you with the Arab revolutions, and the role of European diplomacy in that space needs to be made very clear, because beyond the specific characteristics of each country, it is true that everything is connected.
Yet homogenising EU law on the issue would undermine British competence in this area and also open up further channels for EU businesses to exploit the British market as they may be able to circumvent EU law.
Yet if the criminal law of the Member States is not sufficient, we will need to reread Articles 82 to 86 of the Treaty of Lisbon, reflect on whether we can consider the corruption of MEPs to be cross-border crime or an act otherwise detrimental to the Union's financial interests and determine whether or not to create a European Public Prosecutor, which would, moreover, be a significant step along the path to unity.
Yet innovation should help us rise to society's main challenges, such as an ageing population, the need to manage resources sustainably, or economic recovery.
Yet let us not run away from atomic energy, which is an ideal tool for establishing energy independence in Europe.
Yet public services are not like other services: because they provide social and territorial cohesion as well as essential support to vulnerable populations, these services have features specific to the general interest they seek to attain.
Yet that notion has taken hold.
Yet the much-discussed topic of integration must not take the form of doing without Christmas, Easter, St. Nicholas' Day and similar traditions in the name of adaptation to Muslim immigrants in our nurseries and schools - to do so would mean the loss of our cultural identity.
Yet the people are - quite legitimately - demanding political freedom and are fleeing their countries because there is no prospect of a life of dignity and opportunity for them and their children.
Yet the proposed solutions state that each country is to reduce debt to 60% within 20 years.
Yet there are still barriers to the free movement of workers: firstly, legal and administrative obstacles that affect all aspects of citizens' lives; secondly, social dumping: although Article 45 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union guarantees equal treatment for workers, the work of the Committee on Petitions proves that the reality is quite different; thirdly, social protection, which varies from one country to the next and so does not encourage mobility. I would therefore like to propose a minimum basic social protection for the Union.
Yet these doctors and nurses had simply treated injured protestors who were brought to their hospitals.
Yet this is what interests us socialists: seeing the IMF play a part in global governance so as to correct the imbalances that caused this crisis.
Yet those whose resistance is being severely tested every day are our citizens, especially the most disadvantaged among them, who perhaps bear a disproportionately high share of the burden of the response to this crisis.
Yet we are accused of being poor managers: I think that we need to ramp up our communication efforts.
Yet we are supposed to allow these countries into Schengen? It would be an outrage, and completely irresponsible.
Yet what is modernity without democracy? In the list of priorities that you have just given, Commissioner Füle, human rights came after cucumbers and the rule of law after tomatoes.
Yet what is remarkable today is the great disparities between the Member States with regard to the implementation of our waste requirements.
Yet when we get down to details, the plan as it currently stands ought to be based on the fully realistic opportunities offered by current energy resources.
Yet, applying double standards in evaluating certain parameters is not a worthy and characteristic aspect of the United Europe project. I firmly believe that once Romania has been integrated into the Schengen area, it will demonstrate to all Member States the serious and rigorous way in which it can guarantee the eastern border's security.
Yet, at the same time, we are making lots of promises in the international arena to reduce CO2 emissions, in fact, by 80-95% by 2050; we have also promised in Nagoya to eliminate environmentally harmful subsidies by 2020; in the WTO negotiation context, we are also focusing on how to eliminate the distortion of fishery subsidies.
Yet, if I am not mistaken, the most wanted and dangerous terrorist in history was hiding in Pakistan.
Yet, we are here today, precisely because it has not done so. It has allowed a debate to be instigated under pressure from certain Member States on the cornerstone of the European identity: Schengen.
Yet, while no one is using road traffic accidents to campaign to ban the motor car, a small army of leftists is using Chernobyl to push for an end to nuclear power.
YoM comprises 28 key actions and concrete measures to increase the education and training of young people through mobility and ease their transition from education into the labour market.
YoM looks to improve higher level education within Europe and to improve student and worker mobility through existing European programmes.
You advocate a common EU immigration policy, but of course you know that you are losing because the row that has blown up between Italy and France shows that when there is a crisis, between the theory of European integration and the practicality of nation state, it is the nation state that wins.
You always talk about difference, and emphasise that if something reflects a different value, it does not mean that it is better or worse.
You are an ambitious European; you know that the people whose stress levels are tested every day are our fellow citizens, who know only too well that, until we take the bull by the horns, we will be unable to guarantee their security or the security of the financial market.
You are applauding her, but it could not have been any other way: we have trained her well within our group.
You are definitely wrong, Mr Helmer, because it is about solidarity.
You are not in a position to make a qualitative assessment of its budgetary policy.
You are saying that if I leave Assad off the list, maybe it will help him change his attitude later on. OK then, make that very clear here today in the debate. I want you to declare that you give Assad a few days.
You are therefore right to wonder about the quality and, I would say again, the credibility of the new 2011 tests, which began a few weeks ago in April, and I would like to respond to your questions and to give you our analysis on five points.
You are, in fact, intending to open the European market to numerous services of the General Agreement on Trade in Services Mode 4, a barbaric term used to refer to the world version of the Bolkestein Directive.
You attack those who want to control their own border policies.
You can challenge me - and you should as often as you like - to try and make this move faster, and I will do so. But do not accuse me of a lack of initiative, of not being ambitious for it, and of not saying this loud and clear in the Foreign Affairs Council, in the media and elsewhere, because that is not true. I am really ambitious for this. I am really determined that Europe can be so much more than it is, but it requires us to get on that journey and stay on it together.
You can count on the support of this Parliament, and not only its support, in fact, but also its mandate to establish a rational, structured and coherent representation of the European Union on the international stage as soon as possible.
You can imagine, then, how surprised I was to read, clearly set out in a secret internal Council document that I got hold of - it is a document from the Legal Service of the Council of Ministers - that a ban on cloning offspring is actually perfectly justifiable under WTO rules.
You can rely on me to make sure that the Commission officials do not bring any preconceptions or prejudices with them and do their work thoroughly and objectively.
You can want something to happen - you can want something to happen very badly - but you need to see the reality.
You cannot execute an arrest warrant without the judiciary understanding what the simple facts of the case are.
You cannot get a number one position, which is indeed the leader's role, if you are not taking the choices that need to be taken.
You cannot say 'We want a Marshall plan for the Mediterranean that will support the development of democracies in North Africa', while, at the same time, saying 'We should cut the EU budget'. You cannot say 'We want to finance the EU budget with 0.8% of Gross Domestic Product' and then demand compensation when our own farmers are hit by the EHEC crisis, as the Dutch Government has done.
You cannot stop this because it is perfectly normal - we live in a free and open society - however we need to make our voice heard within this structure and maintain our independence.
You cited a sentence taken in isolation from this document while failing to mention that the document states in its conclusions precisely that there are risks from the aspect of WTO compatibility, as well as that these conclusions also mention that the most acceptable solution is labelling, which, I repeat, was included in the Council's last offer.
You claim to act in the spirit of a common Europe when you drag the new Hungarian constitution here for dissection.
You currently coordinate such things in the Commission and that did not happen in the past.
You do not realise that you are not supporting European cooperation with this attitude, but you are provoking conflicts between the European nations.
You dug the grave - it was your party that dug the grave of the Stability and Growth Pact, not the Greeks.
You had a perfect example of that with the new restrictions and bans on herbal and alternative medicines which came in a couple of weeks ago.
You have a 100% record for being wrong with every single prediction about the euro and you say today that this package will put Greece on the road to growth, but no it won't. It will put Greece on the road to a third bail-out, which we will be discussing in a just a few months' time.
You have a crucial role to play, both formally and informally, not just behind the scenes, but also in the meeting rooms and, in particular, beyond them. I am aware, I do realise, that you have to tread on eggshells, but you should know that we, the European Parliament, support you as you push on to convince the Member States that a joint European approach is worthwhile, push on to achieve an effective, coherent and common foreign policy and to be the face of that policy, push on in order to get the best people in the best positions in the External Action Service and push on in order to strengthen Europe's position and that of its citizens, who are the important thing.
You have a number of voices in the world, but you listen to ours - Parliament's - more because we always support a European policy, and not just that of the Member States, to which you reply in the Council, or that of the Commission, to which you reply in the appropriate places.
You have achieved the opportunity for detailed discussion of country-specific situations at every key decision-making stage of the policy cycle, including confirmation of Parliament's right to initiate dialogue with individual Member States.
You have already had the chance to state your views, Mr Gollnisch.
You have also promised to make simplifications, because often the material is so complex that people hide behind the rules and indulge in abuse.
You have also won an equal role for Parliament in determining the scoreboard for detecting possible macroeconomic imbalances, and you have inserted firm guarantees on social dialogue, respect for national traditions on collective agreements, wage formation, and the role of social partners, which we fully share.
You have cautiously welcomed the Fatah-Hamas reconciliation, but will you engage in dialogue with Hamas? Are we to repeat the mistakes of 2007? As we know, the situation is certainly very complicated.
You have formulated your own Innovation Union, with very good initiatives, and then there are also the various other funds, such as the structural funds, for example, which we can use for this purpose.
You have got reverse qualified majority voting in a number of important cases - to improve the automaticity of decision-making - as the rule in the corrective arm of the Pact, where 24 Member States out of 27 now find themselves unfortunately.
You have introduced earlier sanctions in the excessive imbalances procedure. I could go on and on.
You have mentioned the three Ms: money, mobility and market access.
You have only shared responsibility for 2009, yet you have thrown yourself into it. In some cases we have had heated arguments and have gone into very great detail. I should like to emphasise, however, that you have put the discharge at the top of the agenda in the College, in the Commission.
You have proposed that the Directorates General be obliged to inform their commissioners of irregularities and I want to thank you for that.
You have rightly said that several countries were not prepared to take part in a European inspection procedure.
You have suggested that I should put a European regulator in place.
You have to be as good as your word, even though it was Austria that held the presidency of the Council back then. I therefore think that it is vital that we actually implement the action programme that has been agreed, because, otherwise, the negotiations over the new financial perspectives will be at risk.
You have to measure something to know about it, that is very important, but using the knowledge that we gain from doing so is even more important and that, surely, is the essential next step. I sincerely hope that this, for example, will lead to the removal of the hundreds of billions in subsidies that have a deleterious effect on the environment and nature that we still have in this world.
You keep repeating unjustified charges, although we have disproved them and have proved our position time and time again, but I am telling you once more: the new Hungarian constitution does not ban abortion.
You knew as well as we did that these negotiations would be difficult before they even started and you probably also already knew this when some of the foreign ministers from Germany and other Member States sent you on this mission.
You know how committed I am to democratic values ... Bruno Gollnisch, MEP and intellectual guru of the Front National, has requested the defence of his parliamentary immunity in connection with measures applied by the French authorities as part of a criminal investigation involving Mr Gollnisch in his role as President of the Front National in the Rhône-Alpes Regional Council and in which the International League against Racism and Anti-Semitism brought a claim for compensation in January 2009 for incitement to racial hatred.
You know how important symbols are in politics as well.
You know that, in the early warning system, the product and also the name of the producer must be named.
You know this very well. I must say that I am extremely concerned about the divergence in the national political debates we have heard recently, which have also been reflected in this House.
You know, at a time when even the strongest economies in Europe need to bow to the demands of an irresponsible and increasingly dangerous financial sector, that no Member State can change this agenda alone.
You may remember that, in January when the Commission presented the annual growth survey, a very important topic was the need to reinforce the effective lending capacity of the EFSF.
You mentioned conditionality, which is what my question relates to. This aid is indeed conditional upon certain criteria with which you are very familiar: regular, free elections, freedom of association, freedom of the press, freedom of expression, combating corruption, independence of the justice system, reform of the army and reform of the police.
You mentioned the summit in 2009 and the high-level dialogue and I get the impression that so far in these talks, we have not succeeded in obtaining any obvious additional market access for European companies in Japan.
You might argue that you want more, I myself would have liked to go further, but I do fully appreciate the efforts that Commissioner Rehn is willing to make.
You need power lines to do this.
You now have in your hands a means of exerting pressure not just on the Member States, but also on your own administration - which has until now been a little lax in dealing with these matters.
You quite rightly say that this must be an open process, but we do not need to hide under a bushel the fact that we, Europe, have an outstanding candidate. I am happy that we, in Parliament, are also able, through this debate, to give our express support to that candidate.
You really do still seem to prefer pouring in more and more money and providing more and more endless loans to economies that are in serious trouble and on the very brink of collapse, or are we starting to see common sense here, and to consider seriously the possibility of restructuring their government debts, because, in my opinion, we cannot avoid this in the long term.
You replied on that occasion that you had not had time to think about it. The Muñiz de Urquiza report contains the Millán Mon amendment defining Parliament's position on the issue.
You said, 'This is not a permanent solution, we will always have access to the waste'. I approve.
You should be putting your emphasis on persuading the courts to invoke Article 21 of the 2003 Extradition Act. I was there in the House of Lords and I helped move that amendment.
You should set out in front your opinions, your decisions, and then let Member States react.
You spoke just now about the aid that you pledged during the Deauville G8 summit, in particular, to the emerging Arab economies: USD 40 billion, mostly in the form of loans from the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) and the European Investment Bank (EIB), plus approximately EUR 15 billion from the European Union and Member States.
You spoke on the main issues, that is to say, the Abyei issue, which is still unresolved, the political decisions that were supposed to have been made on citizenship, debt, currency, etc.
You talk about the appeal procedure.
You then go on to say that it is the duty of Member States to share the burdens of migratory flows into Europe.
You were fighting against this labelling on descendants, which was a minimum common denominator with the Council.
You will have our support for those procedures, Commissioner, so that an ambitious European framework can be created even in order to go further, because monetary union requires greater financial integration, but it also requires greater fiscal and political integration.
You will not achieve good results with 27 national states acting unilaterally, but only by pooling forces.
You will undoubtedly find more support for your vision of a common foreign and security policy here than among the 27 foreign ministers, all of whom I respect, but who all have one problem, which is that they are foreign ministers of individual countries.
You yourself played a major part in changing the attitude of the Commission to the discharge and the attitude of the Commission officials to this whole process. I am grateful to you for having said quite openly that the pressure that Parliament has exerted this year will in the final event help you to improve transparency.
You yourself, on behalf of the European Union, have committed EUR 1.24 billion saying it is for the neighbourhood, which might have been understood as being just for the south.
You, like Ulysses returning to Ithaca, must not listen to the songs of the sirens, because they want to lure the ship on to the rocks and for the ship of Europe to sink.
Young people are confronted with the sad reality, with the bad working conditions of internships today, even with exploitation.
Young people are prevented from using new communications technology and social media, and are even punished if they do use them.
Young people are tomorrow's decision makers, and it is vital that they are able to develop the competences, skills and knowledge today that will allow them actively to contribute to the growth and sustained future of the European Union over the coming years and achieve the goals set out in the EU's growth strategy.
Young people are, to a large extent, characterised by their dynamism, by their enormous generosity, and by an enormous capacity for learning and assimilation. A Europe with a future, and one aiming to be increasingly competitive and dynamic, needs this important capital.
Young people are, unfortunately, one of the social groups worst hit by the global financial crisis and should be given assistance to enter the labour market and to be able to shape their own future and support the economy.
Young people have suffered particularly badly from the crisis, and the average youth unemployment rate in the EU is over 20%, twice the average for adults, while in some Member States, it exceeds 40%. Owing to the economic crisis, Member States are cutting investment in education and training, directly affecting young people's future prospects and the future of the EU. Investing in education is, without doubt, essential for sustainable growth and development and, even in times of economic crisis, financing youth programmes and education should not be regarded as a cost to be met now, but rather as an investment in the future of Europe. I feel that the Youth on the Move initiative provided for in the Europe 2020 strategy can contribute towards strengthening the existing education, mobility and employment programmes for young people and encouraging Member States to achieve the targets of the EU 2020 strategy.
Young people often find themselves with no prospects.
Young people should be given the opportunity to acquire, without barriers, the experience, skills, knowledge and know-how to equip themselves for future career paths and entrepreneurship.
Young people, civil society activists, media professionals and opposition politicians are being harassed and intimidated.
Your First EURES Job will provide advisory, job search, recruitment and financial support amounting, on average, to EUR 1 000 for more than 2 000 young job seekers and companies willing to recruit young EU workers.
Your efforts help us to legislate better for the benefit of citizens in the Member States.
Your trust in the human being is astounding and one wonders how mankind has been able to manage without you until now.
Youth labour mobility will be promoted in particular through a new EU job mobility scheme, Your First EURES Job, which was launched with the support of this House and the Council.
Youth mobility is a key to the further development of Europe, and if we aspire to the status of the world's most innovative economy, we must not neglect to invest in human capital, and particularly in young people.
Youth on the Move (YoM) is one of the flagship initiatives of the Europe 2020 strategy for the promotion of smart, sustainable and inclusive economic growth.
Youth on the Move is a fantastic initiative, and I strongly support the group in giving it my full support.
Youth on the Move seeks to increase opportunities for educational mobility for all Europe's young people by 2020, enabling them to progress more smoothly from education to the world of work, by giving them an education that prepares them for the demands of the market.
Youth on the Move, a flagship initiative of the Europe 2020 strategy, should aim to enhance the attractiveness of higher education in Europe, raise the quality of education and increase student and worker mobility.
Youth unemployment caused by the economic crisis is a considerable challenge across the EU, and so far, neither the EU nor the Member States have handled it properly.
Youth unemployment in Europe is around 20% on average and in Spain it has even reached the level of 40%. These are alarming figures.
Youth unemployment is serious when young people have no access to work of any kind because they are poorly educated or lack work experience, nor are young people lacking in a proper education or work experience in a strong position when competing for jobs.
Yulia Tymoshenko and other members of the former government of Ukraine, who had long been the rivals of President Yanukovych, should not be regarded as collectively, or by association, guilty and responsible for what is perceived as a liability in political practice.
a 14-day withdrawal period for the entire EU, to be counted from receipt of the goods, during which consumers buying at distance can change their mind.
and finally, simple, clear procedures so that we can provide our farmers with decent incomes and make young people want to invest in agriculture.
and there are proposals to reform the traditional international organisations.
by Crescenzio Rivellini, on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control, on discharge in respect of the implementation of the European Union general budget for the financial year 2009, Section II - Council (SEC(2010)0963 - C7-0213/2010 -;
by Crescenzio Rivellini, on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control, on discharge in respect of the implementation of the European Union general budget for the financial year 2009, Section VIII - European Ombudsman (SEC(2010)0963 - C7-0218/2010 -;
by Georgios Stavrakakis, on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control, on discharge in respect of the implementation of the ARTEMIS Joint Undertaking for the financial year 2009 (SEC(2010)0963 - C7-0250/2010 -;
by Georgios Stavrakakis, on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control, on discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the Clean Sky Joint Undertaking for the financial year 2009 (SEC(2010)0963 - C7-0249/2010 -;
by Georgios Stavrakakis, on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control, on discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the Community Fisheries Control Agency for the financial year 2009 (SEC(2010)0963 - C7-0244/2010 -;
by Georgios Stavrakakis, on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control, on discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the Euratom Supply Agency for the financial year 2009 (SEC(2010)0963 - C7-0246/2010 -;
by Georgios Stavrakakis, on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control, on discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the European Chemicals Agency for the financial year 2009 (SEC(2010)0963 - C7-0245/2010 -;
by Georgios Stavrakakis, on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control, on discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the European Environment Agency for the financial year 2009 (SEC(2010)0963 - C7-0230/2010 -;
by Georgios Stavrakakis, on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control, on discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the European Maritime Safety Agency for the financial year 2009 (SEC(2010)0963 - C7-0236/2010 -;
by Georgios Stavrakakis, on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control, on discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the European Training Foundation for the financial year 2009 (SEC(2010)0963 - C7-0235/2010 -;
by Georgios Stavrakakis, on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control, on discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the Joint Undertaking for the implementation of the Joint Technology Initiative on Innovative Medicines for the financial year 2009 (SEC(2010)0963 - C7-0251/2010 -;
by Georgios Stavrakakis, on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control, on discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the SESAR Joint Undertaking for the financial year 2009 (SEC(2010)0963 - C7-0248/2010 -.
by Georgios Stavrakakis, on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control, on discharge in respect of the implementation of the budget of the Translation Centre for the Bodies of the European Union for the financial year 2009 (SEC(2010)0963 - C7-0232/2010 -;
by Jorgo Chatzimarkakis, on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control, on discharge in respect of the implementation of the general budget of the European Union for the financial year 2009, Section III - Commission and executive agencies (SEC(2010)0963 - C7-0211/2010 -;
by Jorgo Chatzimarkakis, on behalf of the Committee on Budgetary Control, on the Court of Auditors' special reports in the context of the 2009 Commission discharge;
by Mr Haglund, on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on enforcement measures to correct excessive macroeconomic imbalances in the euro area - C7-0299/2010 -.
by Mrs Ferreira, on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on the prevention and correction of macroeconomic imbalances_-_C7-0301/2010 -
by Mrs Ford, on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, on the proposal for a Council directive on requirements for budgetary frameworks of the Member States - 2010/0277(NLE)]
by Mrs Goulard, on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council on the effective enforcement of budgetary surveillance in the euro area - C7-0298/2010 -
by Mrs Wortmann-Kool, on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Regulation (EC) No 1466/97 on the strengthening of the surveillance of budgetary positions and the surveillance and coordination of economic policies - C7-0300/2010 -, and
delivers a favourable opinion on the nomination of H.G. Wessberg as a Member of the Court of Auditors; instructs its President to forward this decision to the Council and, for information, the Court of Auditors, the other institutions of the European Union and the audit institutions of the Member States.
first and foremost, a strong, fair and well-financed CAP;
having regard to Article 286(2) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the EU, pursuant to which the Council consulted Parliament (C7-0103/2011), having regard to the fact that at its meeting of 24 May 2011 the Committee on Budgetary Control heard the Council's nominee for membership of the Court of Auditors, having regard to Rule 108 of its Rules of Procedure, having regard to the report of the Committee on Budgetary Control,
in addition to promising over EUR 415 million in immediate aid, the EU is also responding to the flood disaster in Pakistan by means of exceptional trade measures to boost Pakistan's exports.
on behalf of the ALDE Group.
providing direct payments for active, small and medium-sized producers and for those actually responsible for the CAP is another of our aims.
rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on Development Cooperation.
rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on International Trade.
rapporteur for the opinion of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety.
that financial support for the Mauritanian multiannual fisheries programme must be in line with Mauritania's needs for sustainable fisheries development;
that fisheries agreements between the EU and third countries should be preceded by a wide-ranging debate in the countries concerned, allowing participation by the public, civil society organisations and national parliaments, thereby promoting greater democracy and transparency;
the independent peer review team should also include the national regulatory authority, along with representatives from the neighbouring countries, with a view to exchanging experience on emergency plans.
the oral question to the Commission on Sarajevo as a European Capital of Culture in 2014 by Mrs Pack, on behalf of the Committee on Culture and Education - B7-0215/2011).
the oral question to the Commission on rising oil prices and support for fishers, by Josefa Andrés Barea, Kriton Arsenis, Luis Manuel Capoulas Santos, Estelle Grelier, Iliana Malinova Iotova, Guido Milana, Ulrike Rodust, Antolín Sánchez Presedo and Catherine Trautmann, on behalf of the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament - B7-0311/2011),
the oral question to the Commission on the European fisheries sector crisis due to the rise in oil prices, by Alain Cadec, Antonello Antinoro, Jim Higgins, Jarosław Leszek Wałęsa, Maria do Céu Patrão Neves, Werner Kuhn, Ioannis A. Tsoukalas, Crescenzio Rivellini, Rareş-Lucian Niculescu, Vito Bonsignore and Salvador Garriga Polledo, on behalf of the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) - B7-0307/2011),
the oral question to the Commission on the Small Business Act (SBA) review by Bendt Bendtsen, on behalf of the PPE Group, Edit Herczog, on behalf of the S&D Group, Fiona Hall, on behalf of the ALDE Group, Reinhard Bütikofer, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Giles Chichester, on behalf of the ECR Group, and Niki Tzavela, on behalf of the EFD Group - B7-0302/2011).
the oral question to the Commission on the crisis in the European fisheries sector due to the rise in oil prices, by Isabella Lövin, on behalf of the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance - B7-0313/2011).
the oral question to the Commission on the crisis in the European fisheries sector owing to higher oil prices, by Philippe de Villiers and Juozas Imbrasas, on behalf of the Europe of Freedom and Democracy Group - B7-0308/2011),
the oral question to the Council on the Small Business Act (SBA) review by Bendt Bendtsen, on behalf of the PPE Group, Edit Herczog, on behalf of the S&D Group, Fiona Hall, on behalf of the ALDE Group, Reinhard Bütikofer, on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group, Giles Chichester, on behalf of the ECR Group, and Niki Tzavela, on behalf of the EFD Group - B7-0301/2011),
the question for oral answer to the Commission on stress tests of the EU banking sector by Mrs Bowles, Mrs Goulard, Mr Sterckx, Mr Haglund and Mr Schmidt on behalf of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe (B7-0219/2011) and
the question for oral answer to the Commission on stress tests of the EU banking sector in 2011 by Mr Bullmann on behalf of the Group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament (B7-0309/2011).
the question for oral answer to the Commission on the 2011 stress test of the EU banking sector by Mrs Wortmann-Kool, Mr Gauzès and Mr García-Margallo y Marfil on behalf of the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) - B7-0216/2011),
the question for oral answer to the Commission on the enforcement of regulations on the shipping of toxic waste to developing countries from Mrs Bearder, Mrs Ek, Mr Ouzký, Mr Seeber, Mrs Klaß and Mrs Harms on behalf of the Group of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe, the European Conservatives and Reformists, the Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance - B7-0217/2011) and
the question for oral answer to the Commission on the enforcement of regulations on the shipping of toxic waste to developing countries from Mrs Wils, Mrs Liotard, Mrs de Brún, Mr Ferreira, Mrs Matias and Mr Chountis on behalf of the Confederal Group of the European United Left - Nordic Green Left - B7-0218/2011).
the report by Carlo Casini, on behalf of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs, on conclusion of an interinstitutional agreement between the European Parliament and the Commission on a common Transparency Register, and
the report by Carlo Casini, on behalf of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs, on the amendment of Parliament's Rules of Procedure following the establishment by the European Parliament and the Commission of a joint transparency register.
the report by Marie-Thérèse Sanchez-Schmid, on behalf of the Committee on Regional Development, on Objective 3: a challenge for territorial cooperation - the future agenda for cross-border, transnational and interregional cooperation;
the report by Markus Pieper, on behalf of the Committee on Regional Development, on the Commission's fifth Cohesion Report and the strategy for post-2013 cohesion policy;
the report by Mr Albertini, on behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, on the annual report from the Council to the European Parliament on the main aspects and basic choices of the common foreign and security policy (CFSP) in 2009, presented to the European Parliament in application of Part II, Section G, paragraph 43 of the interinstitutional agreement of 17 May 2006,
the report by Mr Zver, on behalf of the Committee on Culture and Education, on Youth on the Move - a framework for improving Europe's education and training systems,
the report by Mrs Muñiz De Urquiza, on behalf of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, on the EU as a global actor: its role in multilateral organisations.
the report by Mrs Schaake, on behalf of the Committee on Culture and Education, on the cultural dimensions of the EU's external actions,
the seller is responsible for any loss or damage that occurs during transportation and shall not charge any sum that is not clearly marked as part of the initial online order.
the statement by the Vice-President of the Commission and High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy on the main aspects of the common foreign and security policy and the common security and defence policy (Article 36 TEU),
the stress tests should be evaluated on technical grounds and not on political grounds or grounds which leave room for speculation;
third: I am pleased to see your determination with regard to Camp Ashraf; our voice in opposition to violence against civilians must be clear and decisive there and everywhere else in the world.
Τhe next item is one-minute speeches.
Τhe next item is the report by Mr Audy, on behalf of the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy, on the mid-term review of the Seventh Framework Programme of the European Union for research, technological development and demonstration activities (Α7-0160/2011).
Τhe next item is the report by Romana Jordan Cizelj, on behalf of the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy, on the proposal for a Council directive on the management of spent fuel and radioactive waste - C7-0387/2010 - 2010/0306(NLE)).
Τhe next item is the report by Vital Moreira, on behalf of the Committee on International Trade, on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council introducing emergency autonomous trade preferences for Pakistan - C7-0322/2010 -.
